journals/2025_02_25.md, before:

## #[[AI Coding]]
	- Had my a fairly substantial #Agentic [[Vibe Coding]] moment, due in no small part to an assist from [[Person/Harper Reed/Blog/25/02/My LLM codegen workflow atm]] and [[Person/Geoffrey Huntley/Blog/25/02/You are using Cursor AI incorrectly...]]. The new [[Claude 3.7 Sonnet]] models really shine in [[CursorAI]] when you combine [[CursorAI/Project Rules]] with a `spec.md`, `prompt_plan.md` and a `todo.md`.
		- {{embed ((67be3667-e78e-40f6-89f6-5c6ead7ac8f8))}}
- ## #[[Big News]]
	- ### [[Anthropic/Blog/25/02/Claude 3.7 Sonnet and Claude Code]]
		- {{embed ((67bdaeaa-116b-417e-908b-0b425596704e))}}
		- {{embed ((67bda7c6-4be2-42e4-ba74-00ab2bce6aba))}}
		-
		- #### [[Anthropic/YouTube/25/02/Introducing Claude Code]] #Filed
			- {{embed ((67bda95a-e5c3-4ba8-b5ec-a918606d2244))}}
- ## #Filed
	- [[Least Recently Used Cache]]
- ## #News
	- [[CursorAI/v/0.46 - Agent is ready and UI Refresh]] #Filed
		- {{embed ((67bd9cae-648a-4958-9f5f-db961bf49650))}}
		- {{embed ((67bd9c43-1412-46a7-b94e-8bba322198cc))}}
- ## People
	- [[Person/Michael Truell]] Cursor CEO
- ## Research
	- [[GitHub/Project/Concept/Terminal Status]]
		- {{embed ((67bd9925-9e49-4b5c-b11b-a3443b97b9a3))}}
		-
- ## #TIL
	- [[ChatGPT/Project]]s can be color coded
- ## #Tips
	- [[CursorAI/Technique/Logseq/Summarize Meetings]]
- ## Too Bad, So Sad
	- Finally hit my limits for [[CursorAI]].
		- See [[CursorAI/Requests]] for details about fast and slow request pools
		- See [[CursorAI/Usage-Based Pricing]] for pricing beyond limits
		- See [[CursorAI/Settings/Models]] for model-specific limits

Commit message:

Update journal and pages with CursorAI status, Claude 3.5 Sonnet, and AI coding workflow details

journals/2025_02_25.md, after:

## #[[AI Coding]]
	- Had a fairly substantial #Agentic [[Vibe Coding]] moment, due in part to [[Person/Harper Reed/Blog/25/02/My LLM codegen workflow atm]] and [[Person/Geoffrey Huntley/Blog/25/02/You are using Cursor AI incorrectly...]]. The new [[Claude 3.7 Sonnet]] models really shine in [[CursorAI]] when you combine [[CursorAI/Project Rules]] with a `spec.md`, `prompt_plan.md` and a `todo.md`.
		- {{embed ((67be3667-e78e-40f6-89f6-5c6ead7ac8f8))}}
- ## #[[Big News]]
	- ### [[Anthropic/Blog/25/02/Claude 3.7 Sonnet and Claude Code]]
		- {{embed ((67bdaeaa-116b-417e-908b-0b425596704e))}}
		- {{embed ((67bda7c6-4be2-42e4-ba74-00ab2bce6aba))}}
		-
		- #### [[Anthropic/YouTube/25/02/Introducing Claude Code]] #Filed
			- {{embed ((67bda95a-e5c3-4ba8-b5ec-a918606d2244))}}
- ## #Filed
	- [[Least Recently Used Cache]]
- ## #Ideas
	- [[StreamIO/Chat/Idea/MCP Server for LangGraph Client]] #Filed
- ## #News
	- [[CursorAI/v/0.46 - Agent is ready and UI Refresh]] #Filed
		- {{embed ((67bd9cae-648a-4958-9f5f-db961bf49650))}}
		- {{embed ((67bd9c43-1412-46a7-b94e-8bba322198cc))}}
- ## People
	- [[Person/Michael Truell]] Cursor CEO
- ## Research
	- [[GitHub/Project/Concept/Terminal Status]]
		- {{embed ((67bd9925-9e49-4b5c-b11b-a3443b97b9a3))}}
		-
- ## #TIL
	- [[ChatGPT/Project]]s can be color coded
- ## #Tips
	- [[CursorAI/Technique/Logseq/Summarize Meetings]]
- ## Too Bad, So Sad
	- hit my monthly limit for [[CursorAI/Fast Requests]]. Really noticed it in the afternoon. Turns out, the [[CursorAI/Status Page]] [said they were encountering rate limiting](https://status.cursor.com/?utm_source=embed) issues with [[Claude 3.7 Sonnet]].
		- > **Monitoring** - With the release of Claude 3.7, demand to try the new model is currently causing some rate-limiting issues, where users may see connection errors when attempting to use Claude models. To help mitigate this high demand, we have temporarily removed Claude 3.7 from free trial and slow pool users, while we resolve the usage issues.
		  Feb 25, 2025 - 16:47 UTC
		- See [[CursorAI/Requests]] for details about fast and slow request pools
		- See [[CursorAI/Usage-Based Pricing]] for pricing beyond limits
		- See [[CursorAI/Settings/Models]] for model-specific limits
