journals/2025_03_09.md, before:

## #[[AI Coding]]
	- ### Cursor
		- #Updated [[CursorAI Project Rule Test]] with a list of current tests
		- [[CursorAI/How To/Share Cursor Project Rules Across Repositories and Users]]
- ## #[[Agentic Systems]]
	- ### [[Anthropic/Blog/24/12/Building Effective Agents]]
		- #### #Wordsmithing
			- [[Agentic Spectrum]] refers to the spread between Agentic Systems that are more deterministic and pre-specified [[AI Workflows]], and those Agentic Systems where the AI is given freedom to "choose" the next best move or what to do next, [[AI Agents]]. It seems that this spectrum is mapped to the space between 0 and 1, from "non-agentic" workflows to "fully agentic" agents.
			- [[Poka-yoke]] when you bake something into a process or a technology that prevents a class of errors
				- > [⁠⁠Poka-yoke](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Poka-yoke) your tools. Change the arguments so that it is harder to make mistakes.
- GitHub Pages
	- I don't think I quite understood before that [[GitHub/Pages/User Site]] was a thing; it's possible to have a domain like `<username>.github.io`

Commit message:

Add new pages for security, aider, and CursorAI project documentation
- Create page for handling secrets on the command line
- Add aider installation documentation
- Introduce page for cursor-ai-sdlc GitHub repository
- Update existing pages with new references and links
- Add environment variable alias page

journals/2025_03_09.md, after:

## #[[AI Coding]]
	- ### Cursor
		- #Updated [[CursorAI Project Rule Test]] with a list of current tests
		- #Filed
			- [[CursorAI/How To/Share Cursor Project Rules Across Repositories and Users]]
			- [[CursorAI/Forum/25/03/Scan for Project Rules in Subdirectories of .cursor/rules]]
			- [[Person/codekiln/GitHub/cursor-ai-sdlc]]
	- ### [[aider/Installation]]
		- #Filed [[GitHub/Issue]] [For security reasons, default installation docs should not instruct users to divulge their API keys at the command line · Issue #3475 · Aider-AI/aider](https://github.com/Aider-AI/aider/issues/3475)
		-
- ## #[[Agentic Systems]]
	- ### [[Anthropic/Blog/24/12/Building Effective Agents]]
		- #### #Wordsmithing
			- [[Agentic Spectrum]] refers to the spread between Agentic Systems that are more deterministic and pre-specified [[AI Workflows]], and those Agentic Systems where the AI is given freedom to "choose" the next best move or what to do next, [[AI Agents]]. It seems that this spectrum is mapped to the space between 0 and 1, from "non-agentic" workflows to "fully agentic" agents.
			- [[Poka-yoke]] when you bake something into a process or a technology that prevents a class of errors
				- > [⁠⁠Poka-yoke](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Poka-yoke) your tools. Change the arguments so that it is harder to make mistakes.
- GitHub Pages
	- I don't think I quite understood before that [[GitHub/Pages/User Site]] was a thing; it's possible to have a domain like `<username>.github.io`
- ## #Security
	- [[smallstep/Blog/24/05/How to Handle Secrets on the Command Line]]
		- {{embed ((67cdafc5-8105-48cc-a41b-adb7d83f5c10))}}
