journals/2025_05_23.md, before:

## [[AI Coding]]
	- #Discovered
		- [[Claude Code]]
			- [[Anthropic/App/Claude Code/Docs/IDE Integrations]]
				- [[PyCharm]] support
					- ```
					  │ 🎉 Claude Code plugin installed in PyCharm!                                                                                                                       │
					  │ Version: 0.1.3-beta                                                                                                                                               │
					  │                                                                                                                                                                   │
					  │ ⚠ Restart PyCharm (Cmd+Q) to continue (may require multiple restarts)                                                                                             │
					  │                                                                                                                                                                   │
					  │ Quick start:                                                                                                                                                      │
					  │ • Press Cmd+Esc to launch Claude Code                                                                                                                             │
					  │ • View and apply file diffs directly in your editor                                                                                                               │
					  │ • Use Cmd+Option+K to insert @File references                                                                                                                     │
					  │                                                                                                                                                                   │
					  │ For more information, see https://docs.anthropic.com/s/claude-code-ide-integrations 
					  ```
				- By default, it uses [[Anthropic/Model/Claude/4/Opus]]
			- [[GitHub/Issue]]
				- #mise
					- [[BUG] JetBrains plugin does not find my mise-installed claude-code · Issue #1230 · anthropics/claude-code](https://github.com/anthropics/claude-code/issues/1230)
						- *just in case this happens ... haven't had issues with mise and claude yet*
	- #Confused - after an update it seems that [[Claude Code]] now requires a login, even if using [[AWS/Bedrock]], preventing use of Bedrock
		- Neither of these facilitate using bedrock
			- ```
			  ╭──────────────────────────╮
			  │ ✻ Welcome to Claude Code │
			  ╰──────────────────────────╯
			  
			    ██████╗██╗      █████╗ ██╗   ██╗██████╗ ███████╗
			   ██╔════╝██║     ██╔══██╗██║   ██║██╔══██╗██╔════╝
			   ██║     ██║     ███████║██║   ██║██║  ██║█████╗  
			   ██║     ██║     ██╔══██║██║   ██║██║  ██║██╔══╝  
			   ╚██████╗███████╗██║  ██║╚██████╔╝██████╔╝███████╗
			    ╚═════╝╚══════╝╚═╝  ╚═╝ ╚═════╝ ╚═════╝ ╚══════╝
			    ██████╗ ██████╗ ██████╗ ███████╗                
			   ██╔════╝██╔═══██╗██╔══██╗██╔════╝                
			   ██║     ██║   ██║██║  ██║█████╗                  
			   ██║     ██║   ██║██║  ██║██╔══╝                  
			   ╚██████╗╚██████╔╝██████╔╝███████╗                
			    ╚═════╝ ╚═════╝ ╚═════╝ ╚══════╝
			  
			  
			   Claude Code can now be used with your Max subscription from the Claude app or billed based on API usage through your Console account.
			  
			   Pricing may evolve as we move towards general availability.
			  
			  
			   Select login method:
			  
			   ❯ 1. Anthropic Console (API usage billing)
			     2. Claude app (requires Max subscription)
			  
			  ```
		- #Research
			- [[Anthropic/App/Claude Code/GitHub/Issue/25/05/Claude Code no longer respecting ANTHROPIC_MODEL variables - 1215]]
- ## [[AI Coder]]s
	- [[Person/Han Lee]]

Commit message:

Update journal and documentation for Claude 4 introduction
- Added a new journal entry for May 23, 2025, highlighting the introduction of Claude 4 and related blog posts from Anthropic and AWS.
- Created new documentation pages detailing the features and pricing of Claude 4, including its availability on Amazon Bedrock and Google Cloud's Vertex AI.
- Updated notes on Claude Code with recent experiences and issues encountered during AWS Bedrock authentication.

journals/2025_05_23.md, after:

## New in #AI
	- [[Anthropic/Blog/25/05/Introducing Claude 4]]
		- [[AWS/Blog/25/05/Introducing Claude 4 in Amazon Bedrock]]
- ## [[AI Coding]]
	- #Discovered
		- [[Claude Code]]
			- [[Anthropic/App/Claude Code/Docs/IDE Integrations]]
				- [[PyCharm]] support
					- ```
					  │ 🎉 Claude Code plugin installed in PyCharm!                                                                                                                       │
					  │ Version: 0.1.3-beta                                                                                                                                               │
					  │                                                                                                                                                                   │
					  │ ⚠ Restart PyCharm (Cmd+Q) to continue (may require multiple restarts)                                                                                             │
					  │                                                                                                                                                                   │
					  │ Quick start:                                                                                                                                                      │
					  │ • Press Cmd+Esc to launch Claude Code                                                                                                                             │
					  │ • View and apply file diffs directly in your editor                                                                                                               │
					  │ • Use Cmd+Option+K to insert @File references                                                                                                                     │
					  │                                                                                                                                                                   │
					  │ For more information, see https://docs.anthropic.com/s/claude-code-ide-integrations 
					  ```
				- By default, it uses [[Anthropic/Model/Claude/4/Opus]]
			- [[GitHub/Issue]]
				- #mise
					- [[BUG] JetBrains plugin does not find my mise-installed claude-code · Issue #1230 · anthropics/claude-code](https://github.com/anthropics/claude-code/issues/1230)
						- *just in case this happens ... haven't had issues with mise and claude yet*
	- #Confused - after an update it seems that [[Claude Code]] now requires a login, even if using [[AWS/Bedrock]], preventing use of Bedrock
		- Neither of these facilitate using bedrock
			- ```
			  ╭──────────────────────────╮
			  │ ✻ Welcome to Claude Code │
			  ╰──────────────────────────╯
			  
			    ██████╗██╗      █████╗ ██╗   ██╗██████╗ ███████╗
			   ██╔════╝██║     ██╔══██╗██║   ██║██╔══██╗██╔════╝
			   ██║     ██║     ███████║██║   ██║██║  ██║█████╗  
			   ██║     ██║     ██╔══██║██║   ██║██║  ██║██╔══╝  
			   ╚██████╗███████╗██║  ██║╚██████╔╝██████╔╝███████╗
			    ╚═════╝╚══════╝╚═╝  ╚═╝ ╚═════╝ ╚═════╝ ╚══════╝
			    ██████╗ ██████╗ ██████╗ ███████╗                
			   ██╔════╝██╔═══██╗██╔══██╗██╔════╝                
			   ██║     ██║   ██║██║  ██║█████╗                  
			   ██║     ██║   ██║██║  ██║██╔══╝                  
			   ╚██████╗╚██████╔╝██████╔╝███████╗                
			    ╚═════╝ ╚═════╝ ╚═════╝ ╚══════╝
			  
			  
			   Claude Code can now be used with your Max subscription from the Claude app or billed based on API usage through your Console account.
			  
			   Pricing may evolve as we move towards general availability.
			  
			  
			   Select login method:
			  
			   ❯ 1. Anthropic Console (API usage billing)
			     2. Claude app (requires Max subscription)
			  
			  ```
		- #Research
			- [[Anthropic/App/Claude Code/GitHub/Issue/25/05/Claude Code no longer respecting ANTHROPIC_MODEL variables - 1215]]
- ## [[AI Coder]]s
	- [[Person/Han Lee]]
