journals/2025_02_21.md, before:

- [[AI/Coding]]
	- #Filed
		- #Created
			- [[GitHub/codekiln/project/ai-coding-template]], a project template that has github statuses for issues inspired by the workflow in [[Person/Harper Reed/Blog/25/02/My LLM codegen workflow atm]]
			- [[GitHub/codekiln/project/ai-coding]], a [[GitHub/Project]] for managing AI coding todos. Created some custom Github project statuses
				- https://github.com/users/codekiln/projects/2/settings/fields/Status
		- #Learned
			- #Term "GitHub App" - [[GitHub/App]]
			- [[GitHub/Issue/Draft]]
		- #Question
			- [[GitHub/CLI/Q/Is it possible to scope gh CLI permissions by directory or repo]]
	- [[GitHub/CoPilot]]
		- #[[JetBrains]]
			- #Learned JetBrains IDEs w/ CoPilot now have codebase #AI/RAG - [Boost your productivity with GitHub Copilot in JetBrains IDEs, Introducing @project context, AI-generated commit messages, and other updates - GitHub Changelog](https://github.blog/changelog/2025-02-19-boost-your-productivity-with-github-copilot-in-jetbrains-ides-introducing-project-context-ai-generated-commit-messages-and-other-updates/) [[Blog/post]]
				- `@project` context: Ask questions about your entire project and get intelligent references to relevant files and symbols. - [[GitHub/CoPilot/@/project]]
					- #Question how it compares with [[CursorAI/@/Workspace]]
				- [[git/commit/message]] with #AI - finally!
	- #Updated
		- [[Person/Harper Reed/Blog/25/02/My LLM codegen workflow atm]]
			- #Filed
				- [[AI/Coding/Todos]] for learning the tools Harper Reed referenced
- GitHub
	- #Filed
		- [[GitHub/Project/Template]] - a particular configuration of swimlanes, issue fields, etc
		- [[GitHub/Project/Field/Iteration]]
		- [[GitHub/CLI/project]]
			- can create #[[GitHub/Project]]
			-
	-

Commit message:

Add EdTech AI resources, digital twin exploration, and new book reference

journals/2025_02_21.md, after:

- [[AI/Coding]]
	- #Filed
		- #Created
			- [[GitHub/codekiln/project/ai-coding-template]], a project template that has github statuses for issues inspired by the workflow in [[Person/Harper Reed/Blog/25/02/My LLM codegen workflow atm]]
			- [[GitHub/codekiln/project/ai-coding]], a [[GitHub/Project]] for managing AI coding todos. Created some custom Github project statuses
				- https://github.com/users/codekiln/projects/2/settings/fields/Status
		- #Learned
			- #Term "GitHub App" - [[GitHub/App]]
			- [[GitHub/Issue/Draft]]
		- #Question
			- [[GitHub/CLI/Q/Is it possible to scope gh CLI permissions by directory or repo]]
	- [[GitHub/CoPilot]]
		- #[[JetBrains]]
			- #Learned JetBrains IDEs w/ CoPilot now have codebase #AI/RAG - [Boost your productivity with GitHub Copilot in JetBrains IDEs, Introducing @project context, AI-generated commit messages, and other updates - GitHub Changelog](https://github.blog/changelog/2025-02-19-boost-your-productivity-with-github-copilot-in-jetbrains-ides-introducing-project-context-ai-generated-commit-messages-and-other-updates/) [[Blog/post]]
				- `@project` context: Ask questions about your entire project and get intelligent references to relevant files and symbols. - [[GitHub/CoPilot/@/project]]
					- #Question how it compares with [[CursorAI/@/Workspace]]
				- [[git/commit/message]] with #AI - finally!
	- #Updated
		- [[Person/Harper Reed/Blog/25/02/My LLM codegen workflow atm]]
			- #Filed
				- [[AI/Coding/Todos]] for learning the tools Harper Reed referenced
- #API
	- [[Readwise/API]]
- AWS
	- [[AWS/Bedrock/Knowledge Base]]
		- How to set up an [[AWS/S3]] source for a knowledge base
			- [Ingest changes directly into a knowledge base - Amazon Bedrock](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/bedrock/latest/userguide/kb-direct-ingestion.html)
				- Amazon Bedrock Knowledge Bases also offers a set of `IngestionJob` API operations that relate to [syncing your data source](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/bedrock/latest/userguide/kb-data-source-sync-ingest.html). When you sync your data source with a [StartIngestionJob](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/bedrock/latest/APIReference/API_agent_StartIngestionJob.html) request, Amazon Bedrock Knowledge Bases scans each document in the connected data source and verifies whether it has already been indexed into the vector store set up for the knowledge base. If it hasn't, it becomes indexed into the vector store.
				- Add documents into your S3 location or delete documents from it. Then sync your data source in the AWS Management Console or submit a `StartIngestionJob` request in the API. For details about syncing and the `StartIngestionJob` operation, see [Sync your data with your Amazon Bedrock knowledge base](./kb-data-source-sync-ingest.html).
				- Ingest S3 documents into the knowledge base directly with an `IngestKnowledgeBaseDocuments` request. For details about directly ingesting documents, see [Ingest documents directly into a knowledge base](./kb-direct-ingestion-add.html).
- #Filed
	- Books
		- [[Book/Employment Is Dead]]
	- [[Digital Twin]]
		- [[McKinsey/Article/24/08/What is Digital Twin Technology]]
		- [[Digital Twin/Consortium/Glossary]]
		- [[Digital Twin/Q/How might digital twins be used in Edtech]]
	- #Discovered
		- #EdTech
			- [[ivy.ai]]
			- [[classbuddy.ai]]
				- See also [[EDUCASE/Conference/2024]] exhibitors directory here [EDUCAUSE Annual Conference 2024: Exhibitors](https://s23.a2zinc.net/clients/EDUCAUSE/E24/public/Exhibitors.aspx?SubCatID=186)
				- {{embed [[classbuddy.ai]]}}
	- [[Person/Nir Diamant/Blog/24/12/LangGraph Systems Inspector for Verifying Agents]]
- GitHub
	- #Filed
		- [[GitHub/CLI/project]]
			- can create #[[GitHub/Project]]
		- [[GitHub/Project/Field/Iteration]]
		- [[GitHub/Project/Template]] - a particular configuration of swimlanes, issue fields, etc
