journals/2025_11_02.md, before:

## #Gear
	- [[Keyboard/Computer]]
		- [[Lofree/Flow84]] [Flow84, the Smoothest Mechanical Keyboard](https://www.lofree.co/products/lofree-flow-the-smoothest-mechanical-keyboard)
			- via [[Person/DHH]] at [Getting Started · The Omarchy Manual · DHH](https://learn.omacom.io/2/the-omarchy-manual/50/getting-started)
				- You'll need a keyboard that either uses a 2.4ghz dongle or a cable (which is much nicer for latency anyway!). I personally love the [Lofree Flow84](https://www.lofree.co/products/lofree-flow-the-smoothest-mechanical-keyboard)!
- ## Curiosity
	- ### [[Omarchy]] looks really cool.
		- Great #Docs ! I really want to get a [[FrameworkCo/Laptop/13]] and use Omarchy for my primary.
			- One big thing that would stink - [[Ableton/Live]] would likely no longer work.
				- [Anyone had any luck with live 12 on linux? : r/ableton](https://www.reddit.com/r/ableton/comments/1b91oq0/anyone_had_any_luck_with_live_12_on_linux/)
					- Some people say that using [[ProtonLinux]] ALMOST gets it to work, but it gets stuck on Max for Live.
						- #Discovered that Valve's Proton is actually a fork of [[WineLinux]]
	- ### A bit more on [[Nix/Package/Manager]]
		- [[YouTube/Fireship/Nix in 100 Seconds]]
		- [Best Way To Manage Project Dependencies | Nix Shells - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0YBWhSNTgV8)
		- [[Person/Forrest Knight/YouTube/25/06/im sorry nixOS ive failed you]]
			- My take-away is that I think [[Omarchy]] is likely better for my health than [[Nix/OS]], but I'm not against trying [[Nix/Package/Manager]] inside of [[DevContainer]]s.
- ## Techniques
	- [[git/submodule]]
		- took a few good notes in [[YouTube/@philomatics/25/05/Why everyone hates git submodules]]
			- [[YouTube/@philomatics]] runs git #Training classes for teams; he has quite a few videos on #git
- ## On #[[Good Design]] and #PKM
	- Took another look at [[Person/Maggie Appleton/Garden]] and appreciated the little details (yet again)
		- came across [[Person/Maggie Appleton/Essay/25/ai-enlightenment]]; love the "Assumed Audience" callout at the top
		- She has an "Antilibrary" for books she hasn't read yet. Neat framing. I could use this!
			- {{embed [[Person/Maggie Appleton/Garden/Antilibrary]]}}
				- Some really cool books in here.
		- [[Person/Maggie Appleton/Talk/24/05/Home-Cooked Software and Barefoot Developers]]
			- Updated [[Dev/Barefoot]] with definition Maggie's talk on home-cooked software and barefoot developers
			- Created person page for [[Person/Clay Shirky]] - writer, technologist, and educator who first proposed the concept of [[Software/Situated]] in 2004, and filled out that page as well
- ## Reviewing Recent Podcasts
	- Earlier this week, I listened to [[Person/Gergely Orosz/Podcast/25/10/Beyond Vibe Coding with Addy Osmani]], which was probably the 2nd time I listened to his podcast, The Pragmatic Engineer. The first time I listened to it was [[Person/Gergely Orosz/Podcast/25/10/Python Go Rust Typescript AI Armin Ronacher]]
		- Created [[Programming/Language/Feature/Context/Local]] page with definition of context locals (storage that flows with logical execution flow, essential for async/await and promise chains)

Commit message:

docs: Update journal entry and add installation log for Omarchy on Mac
- Enhanced the journal entry for 2025-11-02 with new links related to Omarchy's support for Intel Macs and installation notes.
- Created a new installation log page detailing the failed installation of Omarchy 3.1.4 on an Early 2015 Retina MacBook Pro, including troubleshooting steps and requests for guidance on driver compatibility.

journals/2025_11_02.md, after:

## #Gear
	- [[Keyboard/Computer]]
		- [[Lofree/Flow84]] [Flow84, the Smoothest Mechanical Keyboard](https://www.lofree.co/products/lofree-flow-the-smoothest-mechanical-keyboard)
			- via [[Person/DHH]] at [Getting Started · The Omarchy Manual · DHH](https://learn.omacom.io/2/the-omarchy-manual/50/getting-started)
				- You'll need a keyboard that either uses a 2.4ghz dongle or a cable (which is much nicer for latency anyway!). I personally love the [Lofree Flow84](https://www.lofree.co/products/lofree-flow-the-smoothest-mechanical-keyboard)!
- ## Curiosity
	- ### [[Omarchy]] looks really cool.
		- Great #Docs ! I really want to get a [[FrameworkCo/Laptop/13]] and use Omarchy for my primary.
			- One big thing that would stink - [[Ableton/Live]] would likely no longer work.
				- [Anyone had any luck with live 12 on linux? : r/ableton](https://www.reddit.com/r/ableton/comments/1b91oq0/anyone_had_any_luck_with_live_12_on_linux/)
					- Some people say that using [[ProtonLinux]] ALMOST gets it to work, but it gets stuck on Max for Live.
						- #Discovered that Valve's Proton is actually a fork of [[WineLinux]]
			- [Installing Omarchy in a VM on an M* Mac · basecamp/omarchy · Discussion #452](https://github.com/basecamp/omarchy/discussions/452)
			- [Mac Support · The Omarchy Manual · DHH](https://learn.omacom.io/2/the-omarchy-manual/97/mac-support)
				- As of v3.0.0, Omarchy has built-in support for **Intel Macs**. There are a couple of known limitations at the moment, but as long as you're aware and OK with those; you can breathe some new life into your old Macs by loading Omarchy.
				- Please note that installing on an M-series Mac is not directly supported at this time. You can find out more about the state of this in #omarchy-on-other in our [Discord](https://discord.gg/tXFUdasqhY).
				- > Omarchy only supports being the **only** OS installed at the moment. During the installation, the drive will be wiped and MacOS will no longer be bootable.
		- [[Omarchy/Install/Log/25/11/02 Sun]]
	- ### A bit more on [[Nix/Package/Manager]]
		- [[YouTube/Fireship/Nix in 100 Seconds]]
		- [Best Way To Manage Project Dependencies | Nix Shells - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0YBWhSNTgV8)
		- [[Person/Forrest Knight/YouTube/25/06/im sorry nixOS ive failed you]]
			- My take-away is that I think [[Omarchy]] is likely better for my health than [[Nix/OS]], but I'm not against trying [[Nix/Package/Manager]] inside of [[DevContainer]]s.
- ## Techniques
	- [[git/submodule]]
		- took a few good notes in [[YouTube/@philomatics/25/05/Why everyone hates git submodules]]
			- [[YouTube/@philomatics]] runs git #Training classes for teams; he has quite a few videos on #git
- ## On #[[Good Design]] and #PKM
	- Took another look at [[Person/Maggie Appleton/Garden]] and appreciated the little details (yet again)
		- came across [[Person/Maggie Appleton/Essay/25/ai-enlightenment]]; love the "Assumed Audience" callout at the top
		- She has an "Antilibrary" for books she hasn't read yet. Neat framing. I could use this!
			- {{embed [[Person/Maggie Appleton/Garden/Antilibrary]]}}
				- Some really cool books in here.
		- [[Person/Maggie Appleton/Talk/24/05/Home-Cooked Software and Barefoot Developers]]
			- Updated [[Dev/Barefoot]] with definition Maggie's talk on home-cooked software and barefoot developers
			- Created person page for [[Person/Clay Shirky]] - writer, technologist, and educator who first proposed the concept of [[Software/Situated]] in 2004, and filled out that page as well
- ## Reviewing Recent Podcasts
	- Earlier this week, I listened to [[Person/Gergely Orosz/Podcast/25/10/Beyond Vibe Coding with Addy Osmani]], which was probably the 2nd time I listened to his podcast, The Pragmatic Engineer. The first time I listened to it was [[Person/Gergely Orosz/Podcast/25/10/Python Go Rust Typescript AI Armin Ronacher]]
		- Created [[Programming/Language/Feature/Context/Local]] page with definition of context locals (storage that flows with logical execution flow, essential for async/await and promise chains)
