journals/2025_03_11.md, before:

## AI Engineer Summit 2025 Notes
	- #Updated
		- [[AI/ES/25/ws/1/Building Agents with Model Context Protocol]]
		- [[AI/ES/25/ws/2/GraphRAG - Knowledge Graphs for Agents]]
		- [[AI/ES/25/ws/3/How Clay Performs Agent Evaluation]]
	- #Filed
		- #Started
			- [[AI/ES/25/ws/What I Learned at the AI Engineer Summit Workshops 2025]]
		- [[AI/ES/25/ws/1/Building Agents with Model Context Protocol/Pics]]
		- [[AI/ES/25/ws/1/Building Agents with Model Context Protocol/YouTube]]
		- [[AI/ES/25/ws/2/GraphRAG - Knowledge Graphs for Agents]]
		- [[AI/ES/25/ws/3/How Clay Performs Agent Evaluation/Pics]]
- ## [[QodoAI/Webinar/25/03/Building Qodo with LangGraph]]
	- Awesome webinar
	- still need to get all my notes together
- ## #Security
	- #Filed
		- [[1Password/How To/Prevent Browser Extension from Saving a Particular Domain]]
		- ### [[1Password/Dev]]
			- [[1Password/Blog/24/11/Leveling up the 1Password Developer Experience]]
				- {{embed ((67cffdae-6a3e-4832-88f4-e75e512a5888))}}
			- [[1Password/YouTube/Dev Tools Walkthrough]]
				- {{embed ((67cff1ee-baac-4066-a027-6cac39f06983))}}
			- [[1Password/YouTube/Unlock Any CLI Using Your Fingerprint With 1Password Shell Plugins]]
				- {{embed ((67cff02e-60b9-40c9-b694-8f21613bf364))}}
- ## #Wordsmithing
	- [[Customer Data Platform]] - Example is [[Twilio/Segment]]

Commit message:

Add PDF to Markdown tools and research notes
- Create new pages for PDF conversion tools and research
- Add journal entries documenting PDF to Markdown conversion strategies
- Include Reddit discussions and research query about PDF conversion tools
- Add references to tools like Docling, PyMuPdf4llm, and Markitdown

journals/2025_03_11.md, after:

## AI Engineer Summit 2025 Notes
	- #Updated
		- [[AI/ES/25/ws/1/Building Agents with Model Context Protocol]]
		- [[AI/ES/25/ws/2/GraphRAG - Knowledge Graphs for Agents]]
		- [[AI/ES/25/ws/3/How Clay Performs Agent Evaluation]]
	- #Filed
		- #Started
			- [[AI/ES/25/ws/What I Learned at the AI Engineer Summit Workshops 2025]]
		- [[AI/ES/25/ws/1/Building Agents with Model Context Protocol/Pics]]
		- [[AI/ES/25/ws/1/Building Agents with Model Context Protocol/YouTube]]
		- [[AI/ES/25/ws/2/GraphRAG - Knowledge Graphs for Agents]]
		- [[AI/ES/25/ws/3/How Clay Performs Agent Evaluation/Pics]]
- ## #Markdown
	- [[Person/Piotr Migdał/Blog/25/02/If it is worth keeping, save it in Markdown]]
- ## [[QodoAI/Webinar/25/03/Building Qodo with LangGraph]]
	- Awesome webinar
	- still need to get all my notes together
- ## #Security
	- #Filed
		- [[1Password/How To/Prevent Browser Extension from Saving a Particular Domain]]
		- ### [[1Password/Dev]]
			- [[1Password/Blog/24/11/Leveling up the 1Password Developer Experience]]
				- {{embed ((67cffdae-6a3e-4832-88f4-e75e512a5888))}}
			- [[1Password/YouTube/Dev Tools Walkthrough]]
				- {{embed ((67cff1ee-baac-4066-a027-6cac39f06983))}}
			- [[1Password/YouTube/Unlock Any CLI Using Your Fingerprint With 1Password Shell Plugins]]
				- {{embed ((67cff02e-60b9-40c9-b694-8f21613bf364))}}
- ## #Wordsmithing
	- [[Customer Data Platform]] - Example is [[Twilio/Segment]]
