journals/2025_07_10.md, before:

## [[AI]]
	- #Filed
		- [[ChatGPT Tasks]] - today I paused a task I made with #o3 to summarize [[HackerNews]] headlines because it was getting repetitive. Not quite sure how to reason about the context
		- [[ChatGPT/App/Desktop/How To/Not open chatgpt links in the desktop app]]
		- [[HeavyAI]]
			- a platform for analytics, particularly with spatial / [[GIS]]
				- example: running spatial processing on 10B tweets
				- [[AI/Text/To/SQL]]
					- "show the places have tweeted about earthquakes"
- ## [[AI Coding]]
	- [[IDE/Cline/JetBrains Extension]] is in the works as of end of [[2025/05]]
		- [jetbrains support · cline/cline · Discussion #501](https://github.com/cline/cline/discussions/581#discussioncomment-13324229)
	- [[Person/John B Rush/Blog/25/07/Building a Personal AI Factory]]
		- [[Anthropic/App/Claude Code/Tool/ccusage]]
			- used to track cost / spend usage of claude code
	- [[MCP]]
		- #Filed
			- [[Goose]]
				- [[Uni/California/Berkeley/Function-Calling Leaderboard]] is a [[AI/Benchmark/Tool-Calling]]
					- [[Salesforce/AI Model/xLAM/2/70b]] is currently at the top of the leaderboard, new to me
			- [[Goose/How To/Use Mise to Set AWS Bedrock Env Vars for Desktop App]]

Commit message:

Update journal entry for July 10, 2025, and add new documentation pages
- Revised the journal entry to include a new section on AWS Bedrock API keys, linking to relevant AWS documentation.
- Created a new page for "Bring Your Own Key" (BYOK) concept, explaining its significance in AI applications.
- Added a dedicated page for AWS Bedrock API Key documentation, enhancing resources for users.

journals/2025_07_10.md, after:

## [[AWS/Bedrock/API Key]]
	- [API keys for Amazon Bedrock - AWS Identity and Access Management](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_credentials_bedrock.html)
		- Apparently it's possible to create traditional api keys with this
- ## [[AI]]
	- #Filed
		- [[MCP/Tool/Idea/Wrap Atlassian MCP Server in Script to convert Confluence to Markdown]]
		- [[ChatGPT Tasks]] - today I paused a task I made with #o3 to summarize [[HackerNews]] headlines because it was getting repetitive. Not quite sure how to reason about the context
		- [[ChatGPT/App/Desktop/How To/Not open chatgpt links in the desktop app]]
		- [[HeavyAI]]
			- a platform for analytics, particularly with spatial / [[GIS]]
				- example: running spatial processing on 10B tweets
				- [[AI/Text/To/SQL]]
					- "show the places have tweeted about earthquakes"
- ## [[AI Coding]]
	- [[IDE/Zed]] supports [[API/Key/Bring Your Own]]
	- [[IDE/Cline/JetBrains Extension]] is in the works as of end of [[2025/05]]
		- [jetbrains support · cline/cline · Discussion #501](https://github.com/cline/cline/discussions/581#discussioncomment-13324229)
	- [[Person/John B Rush/Blog/25/07/Building a Personal AI Factory]]
		- [[Anthropic/App/Claude Code/Tool/ccusage]]
			- used to track cost / spend usage of claude code
	- [[MCP]]
		- #Filed
			- [[Goose]]
				- [[Uni/California/Berkeley/Function-Calling Leaderboard]] is a [[AI/Benchmark/Tool-Calling]]
					- [[Salesforce/AI Model/xLAM/2/70b]] is currently at the top of the leaderboard, new to me
			- [[Goose/How To/Use Mise to Set AWS Bedrock Env Vars for Desktop App]]
