journals/2025_09_30.md, before:

- [[AI/Eval/Tool]]
	- [[langwatch]]
- [[rulesync/GitHub/Issue/25/09/Brainstorm needed - how to share some rules across repos, but not all 329]]
	- {{embed ((68dbb819-d57c-4e8c-89c8-ffd781928be9))}}
- [[Anthropic/App/Claude Code/claudelog]]
	- [Claude Code Docs, Guides & Best Practices | ClaudeLog](https://claudelog.com/)
		- Experiments, insights & mechanics about Claude Code by  [[Person/Wilfred Kasekende]] (https://www.reddit.com/user/inventor_black/), CTO at [Command Stick™](https://www.commandstick.com) and Mod at [[Anthropic/App/Claude Code/Reddit]] [r/ClaudeAI](https://www.reddit.com/r/ClaudeAI/)
- [[Person/Tom Doerr]]
	- AI Engineer and open-source contributor known for creating AI-powered developer tools
	- Popular repositories include zsh_codex (1.7k stars), codex-readme (405 stars), and vim_codex (280 stars)
	- GitHub: [@tom-doerr](https://github.com/tom-doerr)
- [[Person/Lance Martin]]
	- Software Engineer at LangChain, expert in context engineering for AI agents
	- Created LangChain Academy with 35+ lessons and "RAG From Scratch" course (450k+ views)
	- Popular repositories include auto-evaluator (1.1k stars) and lex-gpt (343 stars)
	- GitHub: [@rlancemartin](https://github.com/rlancemartin)

Commit message:

✨ add new entries for Agentic AI CRM and Claude agent SDK, including links and insights on AWS Bedrock support and generative AI's impact on critical thinking.

journals/2025_09_30.md, after:

- What is an "Agentic AI CRM"?
	- [Agentic CRM & Workflow Platform with No-Code and AI at Its Core | Creatio](https://www.creatio.com/)
- [[AI/Eval/Tool]]
	- [[langwatch]]
- [[rulesync/GitHub/Issue/25/09/Brainstorm needed - how to share some rules across repos, but not all 329]]
	- {{embed ((68dbb819-d57c-4e8c-89c8-ffd781928be9))}}
- [[Anthropic/App/Claude Code/claudelog]]
	- [Claude Code Docs, Guides & Best Practices | ClaudeLog](https://claudelog.com/)
		- Experiments, insights & mechanics about Claude Code by  [[Person/Wilfred Kasekende]] (https://www.reddit.com/user/inventor_black/), CTO at [Command Stick™](https://www.commandstick.com) and Mod at [[Anthropic/App/Claude Code/Reddit]] [r/ClaudeAI](https://www.reddit.com/r/ClaudeAI/)
- [[Person/Tom Doerr]]
	- AI Engineer and open-source contributor known for creating AI-powered developer tools
	- Popular repositories include zsh_codex (1.7k stars), codex-readme (405 stars), and vim_codex (280 stars)
	- GitHub: [@tom-doerr](https://github.com/tom-doerr)
- [[Person/Lance Martin]]
	- Software Engineer at LangChain, expert in context engineering for AI agents
	- Created LangChain Academy with 35+ lessons and "RAG From Scratch" course (450k+ views)
	- Popular repositories include auto-evaluator (1.1k stars) and lex-gpt (343 stars)
	- GitHub: [@rlancemartin](https://github.com/rlancemartin)
