journals/2025_07_18.md, before:

## #Wordsmithing
	- #Updated
		- [[AI Output Post-Formatting]]
- ## [[Py/Server]]s
	- #Filed
		- [[Py/Server/ASGI]]
			- [[uvicorn]]
		- [[Py/Logging/How To/Observe uvicorn and FastAPI app logging to verify JSON logs]]
- ## [[Markdown]]
	- #Filed
		- [[Markdown/Idea/25/07/Metalibrary to enable schema to markdown syntax formatting using LLMs]]
		- [[Deepdwn]] - an offline-first markdown application for desktop
- # #AI
	- ## LLM Concerns
		- [[AI/LLM/Problem/Context Limit]]
	- ## [[AI Coding]]
		- [[Person/Asgeir Thor/GitHub/system_prompt_leaks]]
		- [[AI/Coding/Problem/Environment Reproducibility]]
			- [[Dagger]]
		- ### [[Claude Code]]
			- #Filed
				- [[Person/Michael Yong/Blog/25/07/Claude Code Unleashed]]
					- [[Anthropic/AI/App/Claude Code/Tool/Claude Code Terragon]]
						- **[Terragon - Background Agents for Claude Code](https://www.terragonlabs.com/)**
							- Run coding agents in parallel inside remote sandboxes. Automate multiple development tasks concurrently with AI-powered assistance
				- [[Person/AICodeKing/YouTube/25/06/Claudia]] - overview of [[Anthropic/AI/App/Claude Code/Tool/Claudia]], a new GUI wrapper
				- [[Anthropic/App/Claude Code/How To/Export Conversation to File]]
		- #Updated
			- [[Person/Brian Madison/GitHub/BMAD-METHOD]]
		- #Filed
			- [[Person/Sean Grove/YouTube/25/07/The New Code]]
				- {{embed ((687a3522-edc3-449d-8a82-4293f910b4ae))}}
- ## #Observability
	- #Updated
		- [[OpenTelemetry/Research/AI/25/07/OTel Logs in FastAPI Context]]

Commit message:

Update journal and documentation for July 18, 2025
- Added new entries in the journal related to LLM concerns, including references to the "Whole 200k Context Window" of Claude 3.7 Sonnet Max and related papers.
- Created a new documentation page for "LongProc: Benchmarking Long-Context Language Models on Long Procedural Generation," linking to the original paper and additional resources.

journals/2025_07_18.md, after:

## #Wordsmithing
	- #Updated
		- [[AI Output Post-Formatting]]
- ## [[Py/Server]]s
	- #Filed
		- [[Py/Server/ASGI]]
			- [[uvicorn]]
		- [[Py/Logging/How To/Observe uvicorn and FastAPI app logging to verify JSON logs]]
- ## [[Markdown]]
	- #Filed
		- [[Markdown/Idea/25/07/Metalibrary to enable schema to markdown syntax formatting using LLMs]]
		- [[Deepdwn]] - an offline-first markdown application for desktop
- # #AI
	- ## LLM Concerns
		- [[AI/LLM/Problem/Context Limit]]
			- [[CursorAI/Forum/25/03/Whole 200k Context Window Claude 3.7 Sonnet Max]]
				- [The "Whole 200k Context Window" of Claude 3.7 Sonnet Max - Feedback - Cursor - Community Forum](https://forum.cursor.com/t/the-whole-200k-context-window-of-claude-3-7-sonnet-max/69736/13)
					- [[AI/Paper/25/01/LongProc Benchmarking long-context LLMs on procedural generation]]
						- > 70k input 70k output 60k reasoning = 200k, a simple refactor job or documentation request will get to 200k
						- ![scores](https://us1.discourse-cdn.com/cursor1/original/3X/c/0/c03cf48c6f3a9887f938e7e795ec9f38cff9ee51.png)
					- [InftyThink: Breaking the Length Limits of Long-Context Reasoning in Large Language Models](https://arxiv.org/html/2503.06692v3)
						- ![infty-think](https://us1.discourse-cdn.com/cursor1/optimized/3X/b/0/b0e79fcb623df512e5abfcf61c1e8423212b07ab_2_619x500.png)
			-
	- ## [[AI Coding]]
		- [[Person/Asgeir Thor/GitHub/system_prompt_leaks]]
		- [[AI/Coding/Problem/Environment Reproducibility]]
			- [[Dagger]]
		- ### [[Claude Code]]
			- #Filed
				- [[Person/Michael Yong/Blog/25/07/Claude Code Unleashed]]
					- [[Anthropic/AI/App/Claude Code/Tool/Claude Code Terragon]]
						- **[Terragon - Background Agents for Claude Code](https://www.terragonlabs.com/)**
							- Run coding agents in parallel inside remote sandboxes. Automate multiple development tasks concurrently with AI-powered assistance
				- [[Person/AICodeKing/YouTube/25/06/Claudia]] - overview of [[Anthropic/AI/App/Claude Code/Tool/Claudia]], a new GUI wrapper
				- [[Anthropic/App/Claude Code/How To/Export Conversation to File]]
		- #Updated
			- [[Person/Brian Madison/GitHub/BMAD-METHOD]]
		- #Filed
			- [[Person/Sean Grove/YouTube/25/07/The New Code]]
				- {{embed ((687a3522-edc3-449d-8a82-4293f910b4ae))}}
- ## #Observability
	- #Updated
		- [[OpenTelemetry/Research/AI/25/07/OTel Logs in FastAPI Context]]
