journals/2025_08_05.md, before:

## ChatGPT
	- [[ChatGPT/Project/How To/Have AI Remember Past Chats in Project]]
- ## #Security
	- #Filed
		- [[AI/Prompt/Security Review AI Agent]]
		- [[EnvVar/Article/22/08/Analyzing the Hidden Danger of Environment Variables for Keeping Secrets]]
- ## VSCode
	- #Updated
		- [[VSCode/Extension/QuickStage]]
- ## [[AI Coding]]
	- #MCP
		- #Filed
			- [[CursorAI/Settings/MCP/How To/Use streamable-http without hard-coding secrets]]
		- #[[CLI/Tool]]
			- [[npm/lib/envmcp]] and [[npm/lib/mcpipe]] let you store environment variables in a [[.env]] then reference them in MCP config. They also make environment variables available to the server itself. Both packages provide same environment-loading functionality, but `mcpipe` includes a few more features.
	- #Updated
		- [[MCP/GitHub/servers/GitHub]]
	- #Filed
		- [[MCP/GitHub/Issue/234 Multi-user Authorization]]
		- [[CursorAI/GitHub/Issue/2461 VSCode Extension Not Appearing in Cursor Marketplace]]
		- [[Person/Chris Kelly]]
			- [[AI/Engineer/World's Fair/25/YouTube/Vibes will not cut it - Chris Kelly Augment Code]]
			- [[AugmentCode]]

Commit message:

docs: update journal entry and create new page for OpenAI Forum
- Revised the journal entry for August 5, 2025, changing the focus to EdTech and adding a new section on ChatGPT and OpenAI.
- Created a new page for the OpenAI Forum, linking to its official site and highlighting its connection to Gradual.com.

journals/2025_08_05.md, after:

## EdTech
	- [tryGradual.com](https://www.trygradual.com/) aims to be a spaced repetition learning platform, but very little information about it is available
- ## ChatGPT and OpenAI
	- [[OpenAI/Forum]]
	- [[ChatGPT/Project/How To/Have AI Remember Past Chats in Project]]
- ## #Security
	- #Filed
		- [[AI/Prompt/Security Review AI Agent]]
		- [[EnvVar/Article/22/08/Analyzing the Hidden Danger of Environment Variables for Keeping Secrets]]
- ## VSCode
	- #Updated
		- [[VSCode/Extension/QuickStage]]
- ## [[AI Coding]]
	- #MCP
		- #Filed
			- [[CursorAI/Settings/MCP/How To/Use streamable-http without hard-coding secrets]]
		- #[[CLI/Tool]]
			- [[npm/lib/envmcp]] and [[npm/lib/mcpipe]] let you store environment variables in a [[.env]] then reference them in MCP config. They also make environment variables available to the server itself. Both packages provide same environment-loading functionality, but `mcpipe` includes a few more features.
	- #Updated
		- [[MCP/GitHub/servers/GitHub]]
	- #Filed
		- [[MCP/GitHub/Issue/234 Multi-user Authorization]]
		- [[CursorAI/GitHub/Issue/2461 VSCode Extension Not Appearing in Cursor Marketplace]]
		- [[Person/Chris Kelly]]
			- [[AI/Engineer/World's Fair/25/YouTube/Vibes will not cut it - Chris Kelly Augment Code]]
			- [[AugmentCode]]
