journals/2025_03_24.md, before:

## [[MCP Server]] for Weather
	- A lot of people bemoan the fact that the official [[MCP/Doc/Quickstart/Server]] builds an [[MCP/Server]] that fetches the weather and gets alerts, as that's not something that developers that can code an MCP server usually need to do while coding. So this morning, to my surprise, I wanted to create a [[CursorAI/Project Rule]] to add the weather forecast to my weekly agenda in [[Logseq]], and was looking for a [[Good Enough, Quickly]] pre-made weather MCP server that would quickly work in cursor, and didn't see anything super obvious.
	- I remember that [[AIES 25 WS 1 - Building Agents with MCP - Mahesh Murag]] said that [[Anthropic]] was going to release an official MCP server registry (see also [[Latent Space/Blog/25/03/Why MCP Won]]), so I googled around a bit, but didn't find anything yet.
		- The list of [[MCP/GitHub/servers]] either in the `src` folder or in the root readme (which reads a bit like an [[AwesomeList]]) contain one.
	- I did see [[mcp-get.com]], which didn't have any "weather" results.
	- ### [[smithery.ai]] - to see installation instructions, you now need to let them act on your behalf (ugh)
		- Smithery did have a few options, for example, [Weather | Smithery](https://smithery.ai/server/@turkyden/weather), but in order to see the installation instructions, they wanted me to sign in with their [[GitHub/App]], which asked **to act on my behalf** (!?). A few weeks ago, this wasn't the case. Click through, https://github.com/smithery-ai has no public members. Sketchy! Ok, I do see that smithery's #[[TwitX]] link points to [[Person/Henry Mao/TwitX]], ok, find, at least it's pretending to not be run by an anonymous cabal. Still, I'd rather assemble the MCP server incantation myself than authorize a github app to act on my behalf.
	- I did find [hideya/mcp-server-weather-js: Simple Weather MCP Server Example](https://github.com/hideya/mcp-server-weather-js?tab=readme-ov-file), and it's on npm, so it can be used with `npx`. It ended up being very easy to configure, and needed no API key.
		- The basic process was:
			- Review the official docs for MCP in Cursor at [[CursorAI/Docs/Context/Model Context Protocol]] #Filed
			- Edit [[CursorAI/.cursor/mcp.json]] #Filed
				- ```json
				  {
				      "mcpServers": {
				          "weather": {
				              "command": "npx",
				              "args": [
				                  "-y",
				                  "@h1deya/mcp-server-weather"
				              ]
				          }
				      }
				  }
				  ```
			- Open [[CursorAI/Settings/MCP]] #Filed
				- Enable the `weather` [[MCP Server]]
				- press the refresh button once a minute until it turned green (had to do it a few times)
				- Open [[CursorAI/Agent Mode]] and ask a question about wether
				- approve the MCP tool use
				- it did fetch the weather for the specified location
		- ### [[AI Knowledge Gardening]]
			- Added [[CursorAI/Project Rule/diataxis-tutorial]] for creating [[Diataxis/Tutorial]]s. Used this to create [[CursorAI/Tutorial/Add a project-specific MCP Server]]
				- {{embed ((67e13751-0f8c-46e0-9b1f-01acee9914c7))}}
-

Commit message:

Add new journal entries and enhance documentation for LangChain and related resources
- Update March 24, 2025 journal entry to include a new section on a book about photosynthesis and plant communication.
- Create a new journal entry for March 25, 2025, detailing resources related to the LangChain ecosystem, including links to filtering additional fields.
- Introduce a new page for the Gaudily GitHub repository, providing an overview of the langsmith-evaluation-helper library and its configuration examples.

journals/2025_03_24.md, after:

## Book
	- [[Book/The Light Eaters]]
		- about photosynthesis and how plants communicate
		- via colleague
- ## [[MCP Server]] for Weather
	- A lot of people bemoan the fact that the official [[MCP/Doc/Quickstart/Server]] builds an [[MCP/Server]] that fetches the weather and gets alerts, as that's not something that developers that can code an MCP server usually need to do while coding. So this morning, to my surprise, I wanted to create a [[CursorAI/Project Rule]] to add the weather forecast to my weekly agenda in [[Logseq]], and was looking for a [[Good Enough, Quickly]] pre-made weather MCP server that would quickly work in cursor, and didn't see anything super obvious.
	- I remember that [[AIES 25 WS 1 - Building Agents with MCP - Mahesh Murag]] said that [[Anthropic]] was going to release an official MCP server registry (see also [[Latent Space/Blog/25/03/Why MCP Won]]), so I googled around a bit, but didn't find anything yet.
		- The list of [[MCP/GitHub/servers]] either in the `src` folder or in the root readme (which reads a bit like an [[AwesomeList]]) contain one.
	- I did see [[mcp-get.com]], which didn't have any "weather" results.
	- ### [[smithery.ai]] - to see installation instructions, you now need to let them act on your behalf (ugh)
		- Smithery did have a few options, for example, [Weather | Smithery](https://smithery.ai/server/@turkyden/weather), but in order to see the installation instructions, they wanted me to sign in with their [[GitHub/App]], which asked **to act on my behalf** (!?). A few weeks ago, this wasn't the case. Click through, https://github.com/smithery-ai has no public members. Sketchy! Ok, I do see that smithery's #[[TwitX]] link points to [[Person/Henry Mao/TwitX]], ok, find, at least it's pretending to not be run by an anonymous cabal. Still, I'd rather assemble the MCP server incantation myself than authorize a github app to act on my behalf.
	- I did find [hideya/mcp-server-weather-js: Simple Weather MCP Server Example](https://github.com/hideya/mcp-server-weather-js?tab=readme-ov-file), and it's on npm, so it can be used with `npx`. It ended up being very easy to configure, and needed no API key.
		- The basic process was:
			- Review the official docs for MCP in Cursor at [[CursorAI/Docs/Context/Model Context Protocol]] #Filed
			- Edit [[CursorAI/.cursor/mcp.json]] #Filed
				- ```json
				  {
				      "mcpServers": {
				          "weather": {
				              "command": "npx",
				              "args": [
				                  "-y",
				                  "@h1deya/mcp-server-weather"
				              ]
				          }
				      }
				  }
				  ```
			- Open [[CursorAI/Settings/MCP]] #Filed
				- Enable the `weather` [[MCP Server]]
				- press the refresh button once a minute until it turned green (had to do it a few times)
				- Open [[CursorAI/Agent Mode]] and ask a question about wether
				- approve the MCP tool use
				- it did fetch the weather for the specified location
		- ### [[AI Knowledge Gardening]]
			- Added [[CursorAI/Project Rule/diataxis-tutorial]] for creating [[Diataxis/Tutorial]]s. Used this to create [[CursorAI/Tutorial/Add a project-specific MCP Server]]
				- {{embed ((67e13751-0f8c-46e0-9b1f-01acee9914c7))}}
-
