journals/2025_03_03.md, before:

## [[AI Coding]]
	- [[AI/Coding/Technique/Phased Planning/ai-coding dir]] #Updated
		- Expanded the introductory section with a description of the files in the directory and some examples of various ticket folders
		- Thinking that it might make sense to add these, but haven't recorded this anywhere else yet
			- plan and checklist files for each stage in sub-folders to increase focus
			- a file for CURRENT STAGE to store that state
			- subfolders for issues from other repos
	- [[CursorAI/Security/How To/Exclude Secrets from Indexing]]
		- [[CursorAI/Forum/24/12/Questions on .gitignore, .cursorignore, .cursorban]]
	- Expense of [[Claude 3.7 Sonnet]]
		- [Is using claude-sonnet-3.7 more expensive than normal? : r/cursor](https://www.reddit.com/r/cursor/comments/1ixy6ip/is_using_claudesonnet37_more_expensive_than_normal/)
			- Yes, it's fairly expensive. I'm using [[IDE/Cline]] extension in [[Windsurf]] and have spent $1.30 with 5 minutes. If you use it for a full day you could easily spend between 50 and 100 dollars.
- #[[Tiling Window Manager]]
	- [What’s the best window manager? : r/macapps](https://www.reddit.com/r/macapps/comments/1arq5a6/whats_the_best_window_manager/)
		- 31 upvotes for [[MacOS/Tiling/App/Rectangle]], which is what I currently use, but it doesn't have all the features I want. I really could benefit from learning more of the keyshorts, though. Unbelievably, even though it has many features I don't use, it doesn't have the features I want. I'd really like to have more of a window manager like [[awesomeWM]] when I was in linux. I'd love to be able to snap and pin tiny applications to a small dedicated section of the screen. I think I can do that with [[BentoBox]].
		- 30 upvotes [[Mac/Tiling/App/Swish]]
			- {{embed ((67c57577-3534-41bf-a123-dc60b5d4f7d6))}}
		- 3 upvotes for [[Mac/Tiling/App/BentoBox]]
			- {{embed ((67c5750d-d643-4175-918f-fd25893710dc))}}

Commit message:

Add LangGraph ecosystem pages and documentation references
- Create new pages for LangGraph templates, configuration, and usage tips
- Add documentation about LangGraph MCP adapters and environment variables
- Include references to LangGraph companies and assistants
- Update journal with LangGraph ecosystem insights and learning resources

journals/2025_03_03.md, after:

## [[AI Coding]]
	- [[AI/Coding/Technique/Phased Planning/ai-coding dir]] #Updated
		- Expanded the introductory section with a description of the files in the directory and some examples of various ticket folders
		- Thinking that it might make sense to add these, but haven't recorded this anywhere else yet
			- plan and checklist files for each stage in sub-folders to increase focus
			- a file for CURRENT STAGE to store that state
			- subfolders for issues from other repos
	- [[CursorAI/Security/How To/Exclude Secrets from Indexing]]
		- [[CursorAI/Forum/24/12/Questions on .gitignore, .cursorignore, .cursorban]]
	- Expense of [[Claude 3.7 Sonnet]]
		- [Is using claude-sonnet-3.7 more expensive than normal? : r/cursor](https://www.reddit.com/r/cursor/comments/1ixy6ip/is_using_claudesonnet37_more_expensive_than_normal/)
			- Yes, it's fairly expensive. I'm using [[IDE/Cline]] extension in [[Windsurf]] and have spent $1.30 with 5 minutes. If you use it for a full day you could easily spend between 50 and 100 dollars.
- ## LangChain Ecosystem
	- [[langgraph/How To/See configuration for LangGraph run in LangSmith]]
	- [[langgraph/How To/Use add_conditional_edges to route in graph]]
	- [[langgraph/Docs/Companies using LangGraph]]
	- [[langgraph/Template]]
	- [[langgraph/EnvVars]]
		- #TIL that Langgraph has [[DataDog]] support through [[EnvVar]]s
	- [[LangChain/GitHub/langchain-mcp-adapters]] is a [[GitHub/Repo]] that provides an [[MCP]] adapter for [[langgraph]] and [[LangChain]]
	- [[langgraph/Tip/Use langgraph-cli rather than studio so you can grep your logs]]
- #Security
	- [[Person/Sergei Smagin/Blog/19/11/Cross-Site Requests]]
- #[[Tiling Window Manager]]
	- [What’s the best window manager? : r/macapps](https://www.reddit.com/r/macapps/comments/1arq5a6/whats_the_best_window_manager/)
		- 31 upvotes for [[MacOS/Tiling/App/Rectangle]], which is what I currently use, but it doesn't have all the features I want. I really could benefit from learning more of the keyshorts, though. Unbelievably, even though it has many features I don't use, it doesn't have the features I want. I'd really like to have more of a window manager like [[awesomeWM]] when I was in linux. I'd love to be able to snap and pin tiny applications to a small dedicated section of the screen. I think I can do that with [[BentoBox]].
		- 30 upvotes [[Mac/Tiling/App/Swish]]
			- {{embed ((67c57577-3534-41bf-a123-dc60b5d4f7d6))}}
		- 3 upvotes for [[Mac/Tiling/App/BentoBox]]
			- {{embed ((67c5750d-d643-4175-918f-fd25893710dc))}}
