journals/2025_05_10.md, before:

## Ableton
- ## Logseq
	- [[Logseq/npm/@logseq/nbb-logseq]]
	- [[Person/Gabriel Horner/GitHub/logseq-query]]
	- [[Logseq/MCP/Server/Survey/Report]]
	- [[Logseq/Proj/LsqMCP/PRD]]
	- #Filed
		- [[Logseq/MCP/Server/Py/mcp-server-logseq]]
		- [[Logseq/MCP/Server/JS/@joelhooks/logseq-mcp-tools]]
		- [[Logseq/MCP/Server/Py/ergut/mcp-logseq-server]]
		- [[Logseq/MCP/Server/Py/apw124/logseq-mcp]]
		- [[Logseq/MCP/Server/Py/ruliana/mcp-pkm-logseq]]
- ## Programming Languages
	- #Filed
		- [[Query Languages]]
			- [[Datascript]]
			- [[Datalog]]
			- [[SPARQL]]
			- [[XQuery]]
			- [[DSL]]
		- [[Programming/Language/General Purpose]]
		- [[Programming/Language/Config]]
			- [[HCL]]
			- [[yaml]]
			- [[json]]
			- [[TOML]]
		- [[Programming/Language/Scripting]]
			- [[Bash]]
			- [[Python]]
		- [[Programming/Language/Func]]
			- [[Haskell]]
			- [[Clojure]]
			- [[Elixir]]
			- [[OCaml]]
		- [[Programming/Language/Visual]]
			- [[c74/max]]
			- [[Unreal/Blueprints]]
			- [[Node-RED]]
			- [[Scratch]]
- ## Mise
	- updated [[mise/Docs/Guides/Getting Started]] for installing the [[LTS]] version of [[NodeJS]] and activating it

Commit message:

Enhance May 10, 2025 journal entry and add new pages for Joel Hooks and MCP server documentation
- Updated the journal entry to include new references to Joel Hooks and his contributions in EdTech.
- Created new pages detailing Joel Hooks' work, including a blog post on information architecture for courses.
- Added a new page for the MCP Server for Logseq, summarizing its features and related tools.
- Improved organization and accessibility of information regarding various MCP servers and their functionalities.

journals/2025_05_10.md, after:

## [[EdTech/Person]]
	- [[Person/Joel Hooks]]
		- {{embed ((681f8a57-f13e-47a5-8306-2fec723a6010))}}
- ## Logseq
	- [[Logseq/npm/@logseq/nbb-logseq]]
	- [[Person/Gabriel Horner/GitHub/logseq-query]]
	- [[Logseq/MCP/Server/Survey/Report]]
	- [[Logseq/Proj/LsqMCP/PRD]]
	- #Filed
		- [[Logseq/MCP/Server/Py/mcp-server-logseq]]
		- [[Logseq/MCP/Server/JS/@joelhooks/logseq-mcp-tools]]
		- [[Logseq/MCP/Server/Py/ergut/mcp-logseq-server]]
		- [[Logseq/MCP/Server/Py/apw124/logseq-mcp]]
		- [[Logseq/MCP/Server/Py/ruliana/mcp-pkm-logseq]]
- ## Programming Languages
	- #Filed
		- [[Query Languages]]
			- [[Datascript]]
			- [[Datalog]]
			- [[SPARQL]]
			- [[XQuery]]
			- [[DSL]]
		- [[Programming/Language/General Purpose]]
		- [[Programming/Language/Config]]
			- [[HCL]]
			- [[yaml]]
			- [[json]]
			- [[TOML]]
		- [[Programming/Language/Scripting]]
			- [[Bash]]
			- [[Python]]
		- [[Programming/Language/Func]]
			- [[Haskell]]
			- [[Clojure]]
			- [[Elixir]]
			- [[OCaml]]
		- [[Programming/Language/Visual]]
			- [[c74/max]]
			- [[Unreal/Blueprints]]
			- [[Node-RED]]
			- [[Scratch]]
- ## Mise
	- updated [[mise/Docs/Guides/Getting Started]] for installing the [[LTS]] version of [[NodeJS]] and activating it
- ## Security
	- **Clever Google #Phishing Attack Revealed** - [Phishing Attack via Google | 32sec snip from Techmeme Ride Home](https://share.snipd.com/snip/116d2786-2029-42a8-bca2-8b1d35f8fec4) [[Techmeme Ride Home Pod/25/04/21 Trump helps Zuck get a Reprieve]]
		- Hackers exploited Google's infrastructure to conduct a sophisticated DKIM replay phishing attack that bypasses usual email authentication.
		- This tactic makes phishing emails appear legitimate, increasing risk especially for less tech-savvy users.
		- [nick.eth on X: "Recently I was targeted by an extremely sophisticated phishing attack, and I want to highlight it here. It exploits a vulnerability in Google's infrastructure, and given their refusal to fix it, we're likely to see it a lot more. Here's the email I got: https://t.co/tScmxj3um6" / X](https://x.com/nicksdjohnson/status/1912439023982834120)
			-
