- "Mo Features, Mo Problems"
	- Abstraction layers
		- [[LiteLLM]]
		- [[LiteLLM/Q/What are the costs of abstraction layers]] some discussion on this topic
		- [[AWS/Bedrock/Access/Gateway]]
- [[Context Rot]]
	- #Question
		- if a model like [[gemini-2.5-pro]] has an input context of 1M, how does its "context rot" compare with a model with a smaller context window like 250k [[Token]]s?
- [[AI/Coding/Tip/Use DeepWiki to Draft GitHub Issues]]
	- [[rulesync/GitHub/Issue/25/10/Custom Claude Code Command Yaml Frontmatter i413]]
- [[CLI/Tool/Search]]
	- [[YouTube/How To/Download a screenshot and a description of a video frame]]
		- [[yt-dlp]]
			- it's about to get harder to use this tool to gain access to youtube information
			  collapsed:: true
				- [[Announcement] Upcoming new requirements for YouTube downloads · Issue #14404 · yt-dlp/yt-dlp](https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp/issues/14404#issuecomment-3330980464)
					- > The relationship between yt-dlp and the JS runtime will be analogous to the relationship between yt-dlp and ffmpeg. You need to bring your own ffmpeg, but yt-dlp can still do a lot of things without it.
					- > Currently, yt-dlp relies on a complicated [set of regex patterns](https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp/blob/4429fd0450a3fbd5e89573e06533c1a0874fae42/yt_dlp/extractor/youtube/_video.py#L2226-L2287) to identify the necessary functions in the YouTube player JS, and relies on even [more regex](https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp/blob/master/yt_dlp/jsinterp.py) to try and interpret that JavaScript code natively within Python.
					- > So the regex-based approach has been abandoned in favor of an AST-based approach ([https://github.com/yt-dlp/ejs](https://github.com/yt-dlp/ejs)), which should allow us to respond much more quickly to changes in the player JS, even as its obfuscation increases.
					- > [[Deno]] is sandboxed by default and does not allow filesystem or network access. This is essential to protect our less-technically-inclined users. It also comes as a single-file portable executable, making its "installation" comparable to that of ffmpeg (which is something that all of our users should already be familiar with.)
					- > Another obstacle we are facing in the near future is [YouTube's proof-of-origin (PO) token](https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp/wiki/PO-Token-Guide) requirement being enforced for all YT player clients. Implementing a built-in solution to this will also require JavaScript functionality which far exceeds that of our native `jsinterp` module. So we chose a runtime that would be able to handle the JS challenges (`n` parameter/signature cipher) *as well as* PO token generation in the future.
				- [PO Token Guide · yt-dlp/yt-dlp Wiki](https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp/wiki/PO-Token-Guide)
					- > Proof of Origin (PO) Token is a parameter that YouTube requires to be sent with requests from some clients. Without it, requests for the affected clients' format URLs may return HTTP Error 403, or result in your account or IP address being blocked.
					- > A PO Token is generated by an attestation provider on Web, Android and iOS platforms to attest the requests are coming from a genuine client.