journals/2025_03_08.md, before:

## [[VSCode]]
	- #Filed
		- *Over the past couple days I have been keeping both VSCode and [[PyCharm]] open, simply because PyCharm enables me to work faster when it comes to running tests, going to a class ([[VSCode/How To/Go To Python Class by Name]]), copying python dotted paths (see also [[VSCode/How To/Copy the Python Dotted Class Path]]), and just seeing what files are in the [[VSCode/View/Files Explorer]]. I'm not satisfied with the UI and UX of VSCode. Ended up putting a bit of time into customizing it to try to improve its visibility.*
		- ### [[VSCode/Q/How do I increase the readability of file explorer in the sidebar]]
			- #### [[VSCode/Q/Is there any way to toggle the visibility of gitignored items in the sidebar]]
				- **This works** [[VSCode/Extension/Toggle Exclude Git Ignore]]
					- [[VSCode/Command/Explorer/Toggle Git Ignore]]
			- Extensions
				- [[VSCode/Extension/indent-rainbow]] didn't install, but okay idea. for main editor.
				- [[VSCode/Extension/Material Icon Theme]] does help
			- Settings
				- {{embed ((67cc128c-6383-46c7-ba0a-6d512e32fde5))}}
				- [[VSCode/Setting/Workbench/Tree: Render Indent Guides]] changed to `always`
		- Other Settings
		  collapsed:: true
			- [[VSCode/Setting/Editor/Font/Size]] increased it to 14
			- [[VSCode/Setting/Editor/Font/Family]]
				- changed to `'Robotization Mono', 'Noto Sans Mono', 'IBM Plex Mono', 'Kawkab Mono', 'DejaVu Sans Mono', Cousine, 'ST1X Two Math For Robot0 Mono', 'Symbola For Robot0 Mono', 'Source Han Sans', Menlo, Monaco, 'Courier New', monospace`
			- [[VSCode/Setting/Accessibility/Dim Unfocused/Enabled]] and [[VSCode/Setting/Accessibility/Dim Unfocused/Opacity]] - I turned on and set unfocused opacity to 0.75 to try it out. it does make it slightly easier to see where the focus is, at the expense of making it easier to read the places where the focus is not. I turned it off because I don't want to change my focus in order to read things.
			- [[VSCode/Setting/Workbench/Color Theme]]
			- [[VSCode/Setting/Window/Auto Detect/Color Scheme]]
			- [[VSCode/Setting/Workbench/Color Theme/Light]]
				- I set this to [[VSCode/Theme/Laravel PyCharm Theme by kiwi0fruit]]
		- [[VSCode/Theme/vscodethemes.com]] useful for finding different themes
		  collapsed:: true
			- *I do wish there was a way to sort by average contrast ratio or accessibility compliance level*
			- [[VSCode Light Themes]]
				- [[VSCode/Theme/Laravel PyCharm Theme by kiwi0fruit]]
				- [LinkedIn Learning Theme by LinkedIn Learning | VS Code Themes](https://vscodethemes.com/e/linkedinlearning.linkedinlearning-vscode-theme/linkedin-learning-light)
					- Accessible light and dark variant theme for VS Code.
			- #Discovered [[tinte.railly.dev]], a theme editor for VSCode, [[shadcn]], etc. created by [[Person/Railly Hugo]]
			- [[VSCode/Theme/WCAG/AA]]
				- *In general, searching for keywords related to WCAG helps with finding accessible themes*
				- [exastone/exa-theme: exa-theme • theme pack for vscode](https://github.com/exastone/exa-theme)
					- I like the darker themes, but the light one is so blue
		- #TIL [[VSCode/Quirk/Customized Keyboard Shortcuts Remain After Uninstalling Extensions]]
		  collapsed:: true
			- I created custom shortcuts to show and hide `.gitignore`'d files here ((67cc2a32-036d-499f-bcdb-1b4aa3036e04)) - then I uninstalled it. The keyboard shortcuts remained. This was astonishing to me, but I suppose it might make sense; if I re-installed it, the keyboard shortcuts would remain.
	- ### [[Typography]]
		- [[Font/Robotization Mono]]

Commit message:

Add Cursor Project Rules and Test Documentation for Agent Mode Behavior
- Create new Cursor project rule files in `.cursor/rules` directory
- Add test documentation for Cursor Agent mode behavior with `.mdc` files
- Create pages documenting Cursor Project Rule testing scenarios
- Include test cases for finding rules with and without globs
- Add documentation for local and GitHub rule linking methods

journals/2025_03_08.md, after:

## #[[AI/Coding]]
	- #Filed
		- Cursor Project Rules
			- [[CursorAI/Article/25/02/Mastering Cursor Rules]]
			- Tests
				- [[CursorAI/Project Rule/Test/Agent/❌/Find MDC/in Subfolder]]
				- [[CursorAI/Project Rule/Test/Agent/✅/Find MDC/No Globs]]
				- [[CursorAI/Project Rule/Test/Agent/Follow @docs]]
- ## #Investigation
	- [[Bellingcat/Investigation Toolkit]] - techniques for trying to figure out if things are true using online investigation
		- via their page about #Logseq [Logseq | Bellingcat's Online Investigation Toolkit](https://bellingcat.gitbook.io/toolkit/more/all-tools/logseq)
- ## #PKM
	- Logseq
		- #CEO
			- [[Person/Tienson Qin]]
		- Features
			- [[Logseq/Forum/24/12/This chart shows what makes Logseq unique]]
				- [PKM Comparison Chart](https://luhmann-logseq.notion.site/PKM-Comparison-Chart-15ebd7204f5f80209122f1bfeed92faf)
		- Obsolescence and Community Love
			- [[Logseq/Reddit/25/03/Lost hope in logseq]] 193 ups, discussion of forking
		- Competitors
			- [[Siyuan]] - never heard of it before, but it's on the comparison chart above.
- ## [[Wordsmithing]]
	- [[Skeuomorphism]] when something is made to resemble the thing that people are already familiar with, e.g. the "desktop" on your computer
- ## [[VSCode]]
	- #Filed
		- *Over the past couple days I have been keeping both VSCode and [[PyCharm]] open, simply because PyCharm enables me to work faster when it comes to running tests, going to a class ([[VSCode/How To/Go To Python Class by Name]]), copying python dotted paths (see also [[VSCode/How To/Copy the Python Dotted Class Path]]), and just seeing what files are in the [[VSCode/View/Files Explorer]]. I'm not satisfied with the UI and UX of VSCode. Ended up putting a bit of time into customizing it to try to improve its visibility.*
		- ### [[VSCode/Q/How do I increase the readability of file explorer in the sidebar]]
			- #### [[VSCode/Q/Is there any way to toggle the visibility of gitignored items in the sidebar]]
				- **This works** [[VSCode/Extension/Toggle Exclude Git Ignore]]
					- [[VSCode/Command/Explorer/Toggle Git Ignore]]
			- Extensions
				- [[VSCode/Extension/indent-rainbow]] didn't install, but okay idea. for main editor.
				- [[VSCode/Extension/Material Icon Theme]] does help
			- Settings
				- {{embed ((67cc128c-6383-46c7-ba0a-6d512e32fde5))}}
				- [[VSCode/Setting/Workbench/Tree: Render Indent Guides]] changed to `always`
		- Other Settings
		  collapsed:: true
			- [[VSCode/Setting/Editor/Font/Size]] increased it to 14
			- [[VSCode/Setting/Editor/Font/Family]]
				- changed to `'Robotization Mono', 'Noto Sans Mono', 'IBM Plex Mono', 'Kawkab Mono', 'DejaVu Sans Mono', Cousine, 'ST1X Two Math For Robot0 Mono', 'Symbola For Robot0 Mono', 'Source Han Sans', Menlo, Monaco, 'Courier New', monospace`
			- [[VSCode/Setting/Accessibility/Dim Unfocused/Enabled]] and [[VSCode/Setting/Accessibility/Dim Unfocused/Opacity]] - I turned on and set unfocused opacity to 0.75 to try it out. it does make it slightly easier to see where the focus is, at the expense of making it easier to read the places where the focus is not. I turned it off because I don't want to change my focus in order to read things.
			- [[VSCode/Setting/Workbench/Color Theme]]
			- [[VSCode/Setting/Window/Auto Detect/Color Scheme]]
			- [[VSCode/Setting/Workbench/Color Theme/Light]]
				- I set this to [[VSCode/Theme/Laravel PyCharm Theme by kiwi0fruit]]
		- [[VSCode/Theme/vscodethemes.com]] useful for finding different themes
		  collapsed:: true
			- *I do wish there was a way to sort by average contrast ratio or accessibility compliance level*
			- [[VSCode Light Themes]]
				- [[VSCode/Theme/Laravel PyCharm Theme by kiwi0fruit]]
				- [LinkedIn Learning Theme by LinkedIn Learning | VS Code Themes](https://vscodethemes.com/e/linkedinlearning.linkedinlearning-vscode-theme/linkedin-learning-light)
					- Accessible light and dark variant theme for VS Code.
			- #Discovered [[tinte.railly.dev]], a theme editor for VSCode, [[shadcn]], etc. created by [[Person/Railly Hugo]]
			- [[VSCode/Theme/WCAG/AA]]
				- *In general, searching for keywords related to WCAG helps with finding accessible themes*
				- [exastone/exa-theme: exa-theme • theme pack for vscode](https://github.com/exastone/exa-theme)
					- I like the darker themes, but the light one is so blue
		- #TIL [[VSCode/Quirk/Customized Keyboard Shortcuts Remain After Uninstalling Extensions]]
		  collapsed:: true
			- I created custom shortcuts to show and hide `.gitignore`'d files here ((67cc2a32-036d-499f-bcdb-1b4aa3036e04)) - then I uninstalled it. The keyboard shortcuts remained. This was astonishing to me, but I suppose it might make sense; if I re-installed it, the keyboard shortcuts would remain.
	- ### [[Typography]]
		- [[Font/Robotization Mono]]
