journals/2025_04_09.md, before:

- [[Project - Conway's Game of Life in GitHub Bio]]
	- [[mise/How To/Use 1Password runner only in dev]]
- Security
	- #Filed
		- [[GitHub/Docs/Actions/Security/Guides/Using Secrets]]
			- [[GitHub/Repo/Setting/Security/Secrets]]
		- #Discovered [[1Password/GitHub/for-open-source]]
			- [[1Password/Dev/Slack]]
- [[Feature Flags/25/04/Market Overview Deep Research]]
	- [[Gitlab/Feature Flags]]
		- [[Unleash]]
- [[Py/asyncio]]
	- #Filed [[Pytest/asyncio/How To/Await Async Fixtures]]
	- [[FastAPI]] [[Best Practices]]
		- [[YouTube/Code Collider/24/03/How FastAPI Handles Requests Behind the Scenes]]
- [[LangChain/Ecosystem]]
	- [[langgraph/Studio/Desktop]] is now deprecated; see [[langgraph/Docs/Concept/LangGraph Studio/Getting Started]]
	- Installing [[langgraph/llms-txt]] and [[LangChain/GitHub/mpcdoc]]
	- [[Dependency/Hell]]
		- ```
		  poetry lock   
		  Resolving dependencies... (0.7s)
		  Resolving dependencies... (0.8s)
		      Because langchain-cli (0.0.35) depends on langserve[all] (>=0.0.51)
		   and no versions of langchain-cli match >0.0.35,<0.0.36 || >0.0.36, langchain-cli (>=0.0.35,<0.0.36 || >0.0.36) requires langserve[all] (>=0.0.51).
		  (1) So, because langchain-cli (0.0.36) depends on langserve[all] (>=0.0.51), langchain-cli (>=0.0.35) requires langserve[all] (>=0.0.51).
		  
		      Because no versions of langserve match >0.0.51,<0.1.0 || >0.1.0,<0.1.1 || >0.1.1,<0.2.0 || >0.2.0,<0.2.1 || >0.2.1,<0.2.2 || >0.2.2,<0.2.3 || >0.2.3,<0.3.0 || >0.3.0,<0.3.1 || >0.3.1
		  ... 10 lines
		  (2) So, because langserve[all] (0.3.1) depends on sse-starlette (>=1.3.0,<2.0.0), langchain-cli (>=0.0.35) requires sse-starlette (>=1.3.0,<2.0.0).
		  
		      Because langgraph-cli[inmem] (0.1.70) depends on langgraph-api (>=0.0.12,<0.1.0)
		  ... 14 lines
		  and langgraph-cli[inmem] (0.1.72) depends on langgraph-api (>=0.0.24,<0.1.0), langgraph-cli[inmem] (>=0.1.64,<0.1.73 || >0.1.73,<0.1.74 || >0.1.74,<0.1.75 || >0.1.75,<0.1.76 || >0.1.76,<0.1.77 || >0.1.77,<0.1.78 || >0.1.78,<0.1.79 || >0.1.79,<0.1.80 || >0.1.80,<0.1.81 || >0.1.81,<0.1.82 || >0.1.82,<0.1.83 || >0.1.83,<0.1.84 || >0.1.84,<0.1.89 || >0.1.89,<0.2.0) requires sse-starlette (>=2.1.0,<3.0.0) or langgraph-api (>=0.0.24,<0.1.0).
		  
		      Because no versions of langgraph-api match >0.0.24,<0.0.25 || >0.0.25,<0.0.26
		  ... 15 lines
		  and langgraph-cli[inmem] (0.1.77) depends on langgraph-api (>=0.0.27,<0.1.0), langgraph-cli[inmem] (>=0.1.64,<0.1.82 || >0.1.82,<0.1.83 || >0.1.83,<0.1.84 || >0.1.84,<0.1.89 || >0.1.89,<0.2.0) requires sse-starlette (>=2.1.0,<3.0.0) or langgraph-api (>=0.0.27,<0.1.0).
		  
		      Because no versions of langgraph-api match >0.0.27,<0.0.28 || >0.0.28,<0.0.30 || >0.0.30,<0.0.31 || >0.0.31,<0.0.32
		  ...10 lines
		  and langgraph-cli[inmem] (0.1.82) depends on langgraph-api (>=0.0.32,<0.1.0), langgraph-cli[inmem] (>=0.1.64,<0.1.89 || >0.1.89,<0.2.0) requires sse-starlette (>=2.1.0,<3.0.0) or langgraph-api (>=0.0.32,<0.1.0).
		  
		      Because no versions of langgraph-api match >0.0.32,<0.0.33 || >0.0.33,<0.0.34 || >0.0.34,<0.0.36 || >0.0.36,<0.0.37 || >0.0.37,<0.0.38 || >0.0.38,<0.0.40 || >0.0.40,<0.0.41 || >0.0.41,<0.0.42
		  ... 10 lines
		  (6) So, because langgraph-cli[inmem] (0.1.89) depends on langgraph-api (>=0.0.42,<0.1.0), langgraph-cli[inmem] (>=0.1.64,<0.2.0) requires sse-starlette (>=2.1.0,<3.0.0) or langgraph-api (>=0.0.42,<0.1.0).
		  
		      Because no versions of langgraph-api match >0.0.42,<0.0.43 || >0.0.43,<0.0.44 || >0.0.44,<0.0.45 || >0.0.45,<0.0.46 || >0.0.46,<0.0.47 || >0.0.47,<0.0.48 || >0.0.48,<0.1.0
		  ... 10 lines
		  So, because <package> depends on both langchain-cli (>=0.0.35) and langgraph-cli[inmem] (^0.1.64), version solving failed.
		  ```
		-

Commit message:

Add new entries for Python Concurrency with asyncio and Matthew Fowler
- Update the journal for April 9, 2025, to include a reference to the book "Python Concurrency with asyncio" by Matthew Fowler.
- Create a new page detailing the book's content, including links to source code and additional resources.
- Add a new page for Matthew Fowler, summarizing his background and contributions to software engineering.

journals/2025_04_09.md, after:

- [[Project - Conway's Game of Life in GitHub Bio]]
	- [[mise/How To/Use 1Password runner only in dev]]
- Security
	- #Filed
		- [[GitHub/Docs/Actions/Security/Guides/Using Secrets]]
			- [[GitHub/Repo/Setting/Security/Secrets]]
		- #Discovered [[1Password/GitHub/for-open-source]]
			- [[1Password/Dev/Slack]]
- [[Feature Flags/25/04/Market Overview Deep Research]]
	- [[Gitlab/Feature Flags]]
		- [[Unleash]]
- [[Py/asyncio]]
	- #Filed [[Pytest/asyncio/How To/Await Async Fixtures]]
	- [[FastAPI]] [[Best Practices]]
		- [[YouTube/Code Collider/24/03/How FastAPI Handles Requests Behind the Scenes]]
	- Read some of [[Book/Python Concurrency with asyncio]] by [[Person/Matthew Fowler]]
- [[LangChain/Ecosystem]]
	- [[langgraph/Studio/Desktop]] is now deprecated; see [[langgraph/Docs/Concept/LangGraph Studio/Getting Started]]
	- Installing [[langgraph/llms-txt]] and [[LangChain/GitHub/mpcdoc]]
	- [[Dependency/Hell]]
		- ```
		  poetry lock   
		  Resolving dependencies... (0.7s)
		  Resolving dependencies... (0.8s)
		      Because langchain-cli (0.0.35) depends on langserve[all] (>=0.0.51)
		   and no versions of langchain-cli match >0.0.35,<0.0.36 || >0.0.36, langchain-cli (>=0.0.35,<0.0.36 || >0.0.36) requires langserve[all] (>=0.0.51).
		  (1) So, because langchain-cli (0.0.36) depends on langserve[all] (>=0.0.51), langchain-cli (>=0.0.35) requires langserve[all] (>=0.0.51).
		  
		      Because no versions of langserve match >0.0.51,<0.1.0 || >0.1.0,<0.1.1 || >0.1.1,<0.2.0 || >0.2.0,<0.2.1 || >0.2.1,<0.2.2 || >0.2.2,<0.2.3 || >0.2.3,<0.3.0 || >0.3.0,<0.3.1 || >0.3.1
		  ... 10 lines
		  (2) So, because langserve[all] (0.3.1) depends on sse-starlette (>=1.3.0,<2.0.0), langchain-cli (>=0.0.35) requires sse-starlette (>=1.3.0,<2.0.0).
		  
		      Because langgraph-cli[inmem] (0.1.70) depends on langgraph-api (>=0.0.12,<0.1.0)
		  ... 14 lines
		  and langgraph-cli[inmem] (0.1.72) depends on langgraph-api (>=0.0.24,<0.1.0), langgraph-cli[inmem] (>=0.1.64,<0.1.73 || >0.1.73,<0.1.74 || >0.1.74,<0.1.75 || >0.1.75,<0.1.76 || >0.1.76,<0.1.77 || >0.1.77,<0.1.78 || >0.1.78,<0.1.79 || >0.1.79,<0.1.80 || >0.1.80,<0.1.81 || >0.1.81,<0.1.82 || >0.1.82,<0.1.83 || >0.1.83,<0.1.84 || >0.1.84,<0.1.89 || >0.1.89,<0.2.0) requires sse-starlette (>=2.1.0,<3.0.0) or langgraph-api (>=0.0.24,<0.1.0).
		  
		      Because no versions of langgraph-api match >0.0.24,<0.0.25 || >0.0.25,<0.0.26
		  ... 15 lines
		  and langgraph-cli[inmem] (0.1.77) depends on langgraph-api (>=0.0.27,<0.1.0), langgraph-cli[inmem] (>=0.1.64,<0.1.82 || >0.1.82,<0.1.83 || >0.1.83,<0.1.84 || >0.1.84,<0.1.89 || >0.1.89,<0.2.0) requires sse-starlette (>=2.1.0,<3.0.0) or langgraph-api (>=0.0.27,<0.1.0).
		  
		      Because no versions of langgraph-api match >0.0.27,<0.0.28 || >0.0.28,<0.0.30 || >0.0.30,<0.0.31 || >0.0.31,<0.0.32
		  ...10 lines
		  and langgraph-cli[inmem] (0.1.82) depends on langgraph-api (>=0.0.32,<0.1.0), langgraph-cli[inmem] (>=0.1.64,<0.1.89 || >0.1.89,<0.2.0) requires sse-starlette (>=2.1.0,<3.0.0) or langgraph-api (>=0.0.32,<0.1.0).
		  
		      Because no versions of langgraph-api match >0.0.32,<0.0.33 || >0.0.33,<0.0.34 || >0.0.34,<0.0.36 || >0.0.36,<0.0.37 || >0.0.37,<0.0.38 || >0.0.38,<0.0.40 || >0.0.40,<0.0.41 || >0.0.41,<0.0.42
		  ... 10 lines
		  (6) So, because langgraph-cli[inmem] (0.1.89) depends on langgraph-api (>=0.0.42,<0.1.0), langgraph-cli[inmem] (>=0.1.64,<0.2.0) requires sse-starlette (>=2.1.0,<3.0.0) or langgraph-api (>=0.0.42,<0.1.0).
		  
		      Because no versions of langgraph-api match >0.0.42,<0.0.43 || >0.0.43,<0.0.44 || >0.0.44,<0.0.45 || >0.0.45,<0.0.46 || >0.0.46,<0.0.47 || >0.0.47,<0.0.48 || >0.0.48,<0.1.0
		  ... 10 lines
		  So, because <package> depends on both langchain-cli (>=0.0.35) and langgraph-cli[inmem] (^0.1.64), version solving failed.
		  ```
		-
