-
- # Summary
	- #Started [[GitHub/codekiln/kebricide]], a [[c74/M4L]] patch to cut up samples
		- Towards this, began learning how to use dev containers in [[VSCode]], but had some issues with [[Docker]] not showing up in [[zsh]] in the path after install. Put details in [[Docker/For Mac/How to Install into Zsh]].
	- #Started [[GitHub/codekiln/macos-system-settings-zsh-completions]], a [[Zsh/OhMyZsh/Plugin]] to offer autocomplete on system settings and the ability to open certain system settings up
		- While on this side-quest, worked a bit towards understanding how [[CursorAI/Agent]] works, as I was iterating with trying out things in the shell in a way that felt a bit too manual.
	- Worked on using [[ComfyUI]] to create a [[Cinemagraph]], using the #Tutorial [[ComfyUI/Tutorial/AutoCinemagraph ComfyUI Guide]].
		- #Learned one can't nest model checkpoints inside subfolders; they must be at the top level in order to be found by the system.
		- #Learned about [[Lora/Motion]]; picked out but didn't try [Smoke Motion Loras - 1100 steps | Stable Diffusion Motion | Civitai](https://civitai.com/models/435128/smoke-motion-loras). Discovered more about [[Civitai]], which has a confusing user account creation process that uses [[Slack]]-style "email-only" authentication with no passwords.
		- Only got it to generate black images; no real results yet.
- # #Filed
	- #Installed
		- [[Docker/For Mac/How to Install into Zsh]]
	- #Discovered
		- [[GitHub/zsteinkamp/m4l-FractalNoteEcho]]
		- [[GitHub/zsh-users/zsh-completions]] updated recently
		- [[Mac/App]] [[Raycast]]
			- [Raycast - Your shortcut to everything](https://www.raycast.com/)
				- a bunch of productivity tools
				- via [[GitHub/maxfahl/cursor-agent-master-prompt]]
			- [How Many Apps Did Raycast Replace For You? : r/macapps](https://www.reddit.com/r/macapps/comments/1d3iyxo/how_many_apps_did_raycast_replace_for_you/) [[Reddit/macapps]]
			  collapsed:: true
				- comment from **Competitive_Jump4281**
					- I'm a big fan of Raycast. But I've also said I'm skeptical of the business model and I know from this sub and the Raycast community slack that I'm not alone. I've actually been replacing some of the apps you mentioned with a newer contender in [Monarch](https://monarchlauncher.com/). It's by a solo dev but it's very clear to me that he's prioritizing the true depth that actually could be called "replacement".
					- Just one example is that I copy links to youtube videos and news articles all the time, and in Raycast you can't search by the video title or description at all. In Monarch you can, plus you can filter clipboard items by application which is hard to live without once you have it. I feel like Raycast doesn't just care about depth like that.
					- So ironically, I've been gradually replacing Raycast with Monarch. I use Raycast for some extensions and AI, but given that he's currently working on Monarch AI (what I assume will be just like Raycast AI), I am very interested in seeing how it plays out.
					- I will say: his speed of development and looking at his github seems like he's a high risk of burnout, and the CEO of Raycast has been suddenly been posting a lot more "coming soon" videos for Raycast AI. Hoping the dev holds up, but consistency is consistency. I bought a second license yesterday, what's one month of Raycast Pro.
					- Still have Raycast + Pro (for now) for these things:
						- Github
						- 1password search
						- AI
					- Will be trying the Kill Process though, that extension should be for me but I just can't ever remember to use it. Same with Homebrew. I feel like they're popular for a reason, but the UI of those extensions in particular just doesn't bring me back.
	- #Research
		- [[CursorAI/How To/Use Agent Mode]] for [[CursorAI/Agent]]
			- [[Reddit/cursor]]
				- [Cursor Composer Agent is here : r/cursor](https://www.reddit.com/r/cursor/comments/1gyq690/cursor_composer_agent_is_here/)  [[2024/11]]
					- a video is posted, but I can't understand it
				- [Task Master Prompt (Agent Mode) - How To - Cursor - Community Forum](https://forum.cursor.com/t/task-master-prompt-agent-mode/39980) [[2025/01]]
					- [[GitHub/maxfahl/cursor-agent-master-prompt]]
					- [[GitHub/ultrawideturbodev/ultra_wide_turbo_workspace]] via comment from
	- #Q
		- [[Mac/OS/Q/How can I open a particular system setting from the command line?]]
		- [[zsh/Q/Are there any directories of community plugins besides the zsh repo?]]