- Managed to setup my [[Logseq/Flashcard]]s on my [[iPhone]] for the first time. A bit tricky to set up, then works okay. almost too slow to be useful in this garden on iphone; it's too big. Also, the favorites buttons don't work on iPhone AFAICT. I added [[LFRF]] as an alias to [[Logseq/Flashcard/Review/Favorite]] so that on iPhone I can search for that acronym instead.
	- TODO import into garden [For iOS iPadOS users (Working Copy) · charliie-dev/Logseq-Git-Sync-101 Wiki](https://github.com/charliie-dev/Logseq-Git-Sync-101/wiki/For-iOS-iPadOS-users-%28Working-Copy%29)
- Microsoft's [[Person/Satya Nadella]] is building himself a personal context portfolio that includes discussions from others at MS
	- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zqEZyHkXgh0&t=1460s
	- > "... the one thing that I recently built was ... a repo that is in sync all ... with discussions that are happening out of band that I am not in.  ... the ability ... to have an agent that ... is looking at all the work discussions that may be related to your repo and creating the plan and executing the plan. ... all I did was I put WorkIQ, which is the database underneath all of Microsoft 365 as an MCP server and to my coding agent. And I said, "keep watching that. And every time people discuss this repo, please change my repo." And it keeps working. And so this is the best way to keep your basically a model, you know, in sync with all requirements that ever come up.
- # [[Filed]]
	- [[My/Principle/Explicit is better than Implicit]]
	- [[GitHub/Codespace/Q/What does the Install App dialog do when opening a GitHub Codespace?]]