- # editing raw logseq markdown in neovim today, as an experiment. 
    - it's a bit ... relaxing. barebones. 
    - vim fingerspitzenguffeil / touch typing is coming back. 
        - that feeling of celebration, when the fingers "just do" 
          something like a major block indent. 
    - for some reason, using nvim feels more creative than using logseq.
    - ## is there an lsp for logseq-flavored markdown? 
        - ### [WhiskeyJack96/logseqlsp: A Language Server implimentation for LogSeq](https://github.com/WhiskeyJack96/logseqlsp) 
            - exists, but doesn't seem to supply autocomplete just yet. it lists autocompletion as a planned feature. 
            - hasn't been updated in 3 years. 
            - written in go. 
        - ### [Feel-ix-343/markdown-oxide: PKM Markdown Language Server](https://github.com/Feel-ix-343/markdown-oxide)
            - actually tempted to start using this instead of logseq. 
            - love that it's just the core needed features. 
            - written in rust. 
            - [Features Index - Markdown-Oxide Wiki](https://oxide.md/Features+Index) 
                - most feature-rich in neovim. 
    - ## has someone written vim in rust yet? 
        - ### [neovide/neovide: No Nonsense Neovim GUI Client in Rust](https://github.com/neovide/neovide) 
            - a [[rust]] [[GUI]] for neovim
            - never thought about wanting this, but setting the VISUAL environment variable to this 
              could be very compelling
        - ### [Helix: A Neovim inspired editor, written in Rust - Hacker News](https://brianlovin.com/hn/33147270) 
            - built-around tree-sitter and lsp
        - ### [rsvim/rsvim: The VIM editor reinvented in Rust+TypeScript.](https://github.com/rsvim/rsvim) 
            - ok, this actually is writing vim in rust. nice! 
            - [Home | RSVIM](https://rsvim.github.io/) 
            - what is typescript used for here? 
                - typescript is used for configuration! brilliant. 
                - would VASTLY prefer to write a plugin in typescript to lua. 
                - typescript runs in rust's tokio, the rust async runtime concurrency framework
            - philosophical musing: 
                - > from one perspective, ... typescript as configuration language for rsvim. 
                    in another, rsvim ... [is] a highly specialized javascript-based runtime 
                    akin to node.js and deno, but purpose-built for text editor: `stdin` for 
                    receiving terminal inputs, `stdout` for rendering the interface
                    - this is a creative project. 
            - it seems crazy to [save your work with typescript SDK for Rust](https://rsvim.github.io/docs/manual/basic_usage/first_steps_in_rsvim#save-your-work)
                - `:js Rsvim.buf.writeSync(Rsvim.buf.current());<Enter>`
            - apparently, to quit, one needs to do `:js Rsvim.rt.exit();<Enter>`
            - that's what they put in the tutorial! this is clearly an early project. 
            - wait, this was an intentional decision on their part: 
                - they aren't just trying to make rust vim, they are more ambitious, 
                  in a way. they think all of the modal `ex` commands like `:w`, `:q` 
                  should be implemented at the scripting layer, not at the rust layer.
                    - > As a supplement to the editing experience, Rsvim will provide an 
                        official plugin (say, "ex.rsvim") to recreate all the commands 
                        compatible with vim/neovim, including `:w`, `:q`, `:echo`, etc.
                    - very cool idea. this way it enables not just "vim" but any kind of 
                      modal editor that anyone can even think of. 
                      maybe this could even be language specific. mind blown a bit. 
            - this is a perfect example of the kind of creative project that will be 
              likely revolutionized by agentic engineering in the long run. many 
              ai detractors can't see it just yet, but there are so many ideas that just 
              don't get developed because they are too hard. not all ideas are good, 
              but some good ideas go extinct even though they contributed something 
              novel and potentially revolutionary to the gene pool. 
                 - not everyone thinks humans are special, but if one does, it makes sense 
                   to care about the ideas that could have flourished if human time 
                   could have multiplied to support them. 

