## planning
	- ### moving away from [[NixOS]] and [[Nix/home-manager]]
		- **typical** arguments for moving away from nix
			- #### **obscurity**: it's not used in the enterprise outside of [[ReplitAI]], some parts of [[Spotify]], and customers of [[Determinate Systems]]
				- reminded of getting [[Nerd Sniped]] by [[ReasonML]] about ten years back [[Person/codekiln/GitHub/gradus-reason]]
					- [[Functional Programming Language]]s are a shiny, sharp lure that have hooked me a dozen times
				- I'm not as bothered by nix's obscurity in my personal setup, it was kind of fun to learn something pure. it's extremely rare for the best tool to also be the most popular tool.
			- #### **hard to understand and terrible documentation**: many think that nix is extremely challenging. I'm **not** sure I agree.
				- in I found the documentation and resources available online to meet the minimum bar I need to use a system. This was not the primary barrier.
					- the fact that it has a reputation as being a hard system paradoxically also means
						- there are many people trying to help others to learn it, in order to understand it themselves, and in order to advertise their own abilities.
							- this is a great system for helping produce "adversity metabolized understanding," that is, the kind of community brainpower that is strengthened by difficulty
				- I actually appreciate learning systems and territories that also require acquiring new terminology. That's how my brain grows. Learning systems that have their own concepts conveys durable, hard-won advantages, even after those systems are no longer utilized.
					- [[Nix/Derivation]]
					- [[Nix/Overlay]]
					- [[Nix/Package]]
					- [[Nix/Module]]
					- [[Nix/flake]]
					- [[Nix/Store]]
		- **personal** arguments for moving away from [[Nix]]
			- #### **too much overhead** in practice at this time
				- the advantages of nix are **awesome** (the primary advantage is [[Declarative]] [[Reproduc/ibility]]).
				- **but** I **paid for them too dearly** relative to the benefit they conferred.
					- **a comparison**: from my perspective, greater than 50% of people who choose to exchange 5+ years to get a [[Ed/Degree/PhD]] today suffer from a type of [[Game/Theory/Winner/Curse]]
						- they seem to want some kind of proof they are smart, but aren't creative enough to think of any more useful ways to demonstrate and earn that recognition for their intelligence.
						- *once upon a time*, the benefit of getting a PhD relative to the effort was a much more beneficial ratio. From the 1930s to the 1970s there was a lot of low-hanging fruit out there. *today*, the benefit of a PhD relative to the work involved is not favorable from a cost-benefit point of view, with a few possible but rare exceptions.
							- in particular, the longer a field has competitive forces, the more the competition tends to become about "winning the race at the starting line" (aka luck-based) factors such as genetics and starting resources. so, to run a 1hr 51 minute [[Marathon]] just requires certain genes and resources. Similarly, becoming someone like [[Person/Alexander Wissner-Gross]] or [[Person/John von Neumann]] requires certain resources and genetics. I still think PhDs might be a good idea if you are in the top 3% in terms of your total luck allocation.
					- it's a similar thing with Nix - I would estimate that greater than 50% of people who choose to exchange 12+months in exchange for a nix setup got the raw end of the deal.
						- Some systems get faster the more people optimize for them. I get the sense that the more people actually rely on nix, the more overhead those people and companies actually accrue.
				- people talk about how the [[Nix/Package/Manager]] is the biggest in the world. in my experience, **almost never did it completely meet my needs**. I  had to build my own [[Nix/Derivation]]s, [[Nix/Overlay]]s, etc
					- I was used to [[npm]], [[brew]], [[cargo]], [[pypi]] - these are reliably up to date and have binary builds that are typically built once by the maintainers and then available for most primary [[CPU Architectures]].
						- [[Nix]] intentionally **does not** use the binaries that are **already** built by the **maintainer you trust**.
						- In that respect, it's pretty wasteful from an energy efficiency perspective.
						- Instead, it sets up a pure universe that builds everything from first principles based on its ecosystem. It's a [[Phrase/Boil the Ocean]] approach. It's admirable, perhaps, and in the asymptote it may also be the best approach (give it ten years?), but for now it's not practical for me.
				- prepared to set up your own binary [[Build/Farm]] with its own caching stratgegy and be responsible for building your dependencies.
					- this was the kicker. after using nix for two months, I suddenly found that making a small change to my configuration files required choosing between
						- **A** - accepting insecure, out of date dependencies
							- for example, as of the current moment, the build for [[mise]] that's available and cached for my main platforms is about a year old.
						- **B** - building huge dependencies
							- and potentially paying [[Cachix]] or [[Determinate Systems]] to be your personal [[Build/Cache]] - or worse, reinventing the wheel and rolling your own binary build farm
	- ### building a [[Homelab]] with [[K8s]]
		- eventually using [[DevPod]] for [[DevContainer]]s
			- I think k8s and DevContainers are just as [[Compli/cat/ed]] as the [[Nix]] ecosystem. But in my prediction and estimation, the benefits/drawbacks are more balanced in my favor with this ecosystem. The larger tech ecosystem is dominated by [[Containerization]], which not only means that systems are designed for these systems, but also that knowledge in that domain is more understandable to other people - the value of knowledge in this domain is not only more perceivable by others by it also more useful since more meat-space neurons have oriented themselves around it.
- # [[Gard/Diff]]
	- ## [[Filed]]
		- [[Person/codekiln/GitHub/gradus-reason]]
		- [[Phrase/Boil the Ocean]]
		- [[Game/Theory]]
		- [[Game/Theory/Winner/Curse]]
		- [[Person/John von Neumann]]
	- ## [[Updated]]
		- [[Person/Alexander D. Wissner-Gross]]