journals/2026_01_20.md, before:

- [[Langstar]] work
	- Added a comment to a [[DevContainer]] issue on  [here](https://github.com/codekiln/langstar/issues/718#issuecomment-3772653235) with a projected workaround for the difference between [[JetBrains/RustRover]] and other devcontainer environments. It's possible that [[JetBrains/DevContainer/ijdevc]] could help with this, but that requires a bit more research.
		- Did some [[AI Deep Research]] with [[ChatGPT]] [here](https://chatgpt.com/c/696f7610-2e50-832e-81d8-faab0de29201?ref=mini).
			- [[DevContainer/Secrets/Report/26/01/Secrets Management in JetBrains DevContainers]]
	- Submitted [[PR]]s
		- [✨ feat(prompt): add parent commit options to resolve 409 conflicts by codekiln · Pull Request #723 · codekiln/langstar](https://github.com/codekiln/langstar/pull/723)
			- TODO validate at CLI
		- [📚 docs(prompt): design AI-first command structure for prompt UX by codekiln · Pull Request #724 · codekiln/langstar](https://github.com/codekiln/langstar/pull/724)
			- TODO review PR

Commit message:

docs: add Claude Code terminal bell notification question page

journals/2026_01_20.md, after:

- [[GitHub/VS Code/Extension/GitHub Pull Requests]]
	- I used this today to review a PR opened by claude code. It was pretty slick. It took a bit to figure out that the checkboxes on the left were for marking it as viewed.
- [[Claude Code]]
	- [[Claude Code/Q/Is it possible to have claude code play a sound from the terminal when it needs my attention]]
- [[Langstar]] work
	- Added a comment to a [[DevContainer]] issue on  [here](https://github.com/codekiln/langstar/issues/718#issuecomment-3772653235) with a projected workaround for the difference between [[JetBrains/RustRover]] and other devcontainer environments. It's possible that [[JetBrains/DevContainer/ijdevc]] could help with this, but that requires a bit more research.
		- Did some [[AI Deep Research]] with [[ChatGPT]] [here](https://chatgpt.com/c/696f7610-2e50-832e-81d8-faab0de29201?ref=mini).
			- [[DevContainer/Secrets/Report/26/01/Secrets Management in JetBrains DevContainers]]
	- Submitted [[PR]]s
		- [✨ feat(prompt): add parent commit options to resolve 409 conflicts by codekiln · Pull Request #723 · codekiln/langstar](https://github.com/codekiln/langstar/pull/723)
			- TODO validate at CLI
		- [📚 docs(prompt): design AI-first command structure for prompt UX by codekiln · Pull Request #724 · codekiln/langstar](https://github.com/codekiln/langstar/pull/724)
			- TODO review PR
