# "the [[dotfiles]] review" or *CLI*craft
	- [[Idea/My]] a podcast or a zine / blog / newsletter where I adopt someone else's [[dotfiles]] for a while, get to know them, then interview them about how they came to those dotfiles, what they love, etc. Sample name: "The Dotfiles Review" or *CLI*craft.
	- Thought of this because I'm getting bored with my dotfiles lately. I think I'm ready to try something else out.
	- Normally I'd create a completely different [[dotfile/dotfiles repo]] repo for this, but part of me is interested in constructing a [[Tell (Archaeology)]] of my dotfiles - where everything was burned down and re-written.
	- I love [[dotfiles repo]]s for the same reasons I like [[Knowledge Gardens]] or even music made by humans - for the choices that their authors made, for what it says and compress about the people who developed them, and for the culture around them.
	- Some dotfiles that have interested me lately
		- [[Person/Chris Krycho/GitHub/dotfiles]] - the simplicity of not even using a [[Dotfiles Manager]], just using [[mise File Tasks]] appeals to me. Fewer dependencies means that things can be more secure.
		- [[Person/lv416e/GitHub/dotfiles]] - this uses [[chezmoi]] which I've been getting to know lately. I find some of the design in Chezmoi to be a bit awkward, and it's way more powerful than I need
- # nuked my [[dotfiles]] to make way for v4
	- big news for me. still figuring out what it's going to be. mostly just oriented around mise.
- # [[Gard/Diff]]
	- ## [[Filed]]
		- categorical
			- [[Game/Video/Tower Defense]]
		- software ideas
			- [[Software/Engineering/Principle/Convention over Configuration]]
		- layers of time
			- [[Person/James A. Michener]]
			- [[Book/The Source]]
			- [[Archaeology/Tell]]
		- mise
			- [[mise/Task/File]]
			- [[mise/Task/File/Group]]
			- [[mise/tasks]]
			- [[mise/tasks/add]]
			- [[mise/tasks/add/file]]
			- [[mise/tasks/edit]]
			- [[mise/Task/Argument]]
	- ## [[Updated]]
		- [[Logseq/Entity/Game/Type]]
		-