- [[AI/Coding]]
	- [[Tool/Theory]]
		- [[HackerNews]]
			- > I'm a mathematician relying heavily on AI as an association engine of massive scope, to organize and expand my thoughts. One doesn't get best results by "testing" AI. A surfboard is also an amazing tool, but there's more to operating one than telling it which way to go.Many people want self-driving cars so they can drink in the back seat watching movies. They'll find their jobs replaced by AI, with a poor quality of life because we're a selfish species. In contrast [[Person/Niki Lauda]] trusted fellow Formula 1 race car driver [[Person/James Hunt]] to race centimeters apart. Some people want AI to help them drive that well. They'll have great jobs as AI evolves. [[Person/Gary Kasparov]] pioneered "freestyle" chess tournaments after his defeat by Big Blue, where the best human players were paired with computers, coining the "centaur" model of human-machine cooperation. This is frequently cited in the finance literature, where it is recognized that AI-guided human judgement can out-perform either humans or machines.Any math professor knows how to help graduate students confidently complete a PhD thesis, or how to humiliate students in an oral exam. It’s a choice. To accomplish more work than one can complete alone, choose the former. This is the arc of human evolution: we develop tools to enhance our abilities. We meld with an abacus or a slide rule, and it makes us smarter. We learn to anticipate computations, like we’re playing a musical instrument in our heads. Or we pull out a calculator that makes us dumber. The role we see for our tools matters. Programmers who actually write better code using AI know this. These HN threads are filled with despair over the poor quality of vibe coding. At the same time, Anthropic is successfully coding Claude using Claude. [[Quote]] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=46925624
- [[UTM]]
	- [[Virtualization]] vs [[Emulation]]
		- [[Programming/Concept/Virtualization vs Emulation]]
	- [[JIT]]
- [[USB/Concept/Host Mode vs Client Mode for Virtual Ethernet over USB]]
	- why iphone can give internet access to a computer over USB but a computer can't give internet access to a computer over USB
- [[Updated]]
	- [[Omarchy/Install/Log/26/02/15 Sun]]