## [[Frustrations]]
	- ### [[Nix]] [[Performance]] [[Issue]]s
		- I have a CI job which runs a daily update to keep my software up to date. It recently jumped from 7.5 min to timing out at 1.5 hrs. When I sync my system, it's taking longer and longer. It's impacting how often I run my nix sync, which is also impacting how often I configure my machine.
		- Part of the problem that caused the jump from 7.5 min to 1.5 hrs was because I switched to using [[Numtide/llm-agents.nix]] [without configuring them to be a binary cache provider as they recommend](https://github.com/numtide/llm-agents.nix#using-nix-flakes-recommended).  I was trying to install [[CodexCLI]] through them, which is an [[Open Source]] [[Rust]] project. As a result, it was doing all the build activities Numtide already does in CI.
		- In this case, I was lucky, in a sense, because [[Numtide]] is a nix consulting firm, so they know what's what; they actually have a [[CICD/CI]] system that exports a [[Binary/Cache]] that's updated once a day. But in practice, I've been exploring the nix ecosystem using LLMs to write my flakes, and it didn't suggest that I add that caching setup, and I didn't even think to set that up.
		- Other dependencies like [[mise]] are much more out of date; nixos packages [show the latest version at this time to be 2026.4.6](https://search.nixos.org/packages?channel=unstable&include_modular_service_options=1&include_nixos_options=1&query=mise&show=mise), even though [[@jdx]] has released [more than a dozen versions since then](https://github.com/jdx/mise/releases).
		- #### the problem with [[Nix]] is its purity
			- By design, nix is trying to build all software in a pure way, which is a very ambitious and lofty goal.
			- I love this goal, particularly for the reproducibility of software. It ensures that software can be built by people who are independent of the core maintainers. This part reminds me of how the [[IETF]] requires multiple, independent reference implementations to move a protocol forward.
			- Part of the design of this system is that the build dependencies are expressed in a terse functional programming language, [[Nix/Lang]]. Someone has to write the [[Nix/flake]] for each package, which describes how to build the package. Then someone else has to build it. And, preferably, it wouldn't need to be built more than once for each platform.
			- Most of the time, the person who describes how to build the software in a [[Nix/flake]] with [[Nix/Lang]] is just an enthusiast about the underlying software. They don't have tons of time to set up a robust build pipeline that includes tests. They are most likely just doing it for themselves. Once they get it working, they share that work with others.
			- But this means that the vast majority of people who use [[Nix/flake]]s are not getting binaries built by the people who made the software. This is very inefficient. The most knowledgable people about a particular piece of software are the core maintainers. Those maintainers often go out of their way to generate binaries for multiple platforms. And then, most of the time, as far as I understand it, nix doesn't use them, because it wants to build them.
			- For example, the [[mise]] [[Nix/flake]] [here](https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/blob/nixos-unstable/pkgs/by-name/mi/mise/package.nix#L139) is maintained b
- ## [[Gard/Diff]]
	- ### [[Filed]]
		- [[Logseq/v/0/10/15]] seems like a solid upgrade.  a bit late to the game.
		- [[Numtide/blueprint]]
		- [[Binary/Cache]]
		- [[Cachix]]
		- [[Logseq/Entity/organization]]
		- [[IETF]]
		- [[Person/Konrad Malik]]
		- [[Person/Konrad Malik/GitHub/dotfiles]]
		- [[Person/Konrad Malik/GitHub/neovim-flake]]
		- [[Person/Konrad Malik/GitHub/darwin-docker]]
		- [[Person/Konrad Malik/GitHub/incomplete.nvim]]
		- [[Person/Konrad Malik/GitHub/baywatch]]
	- ### [[Updated]]
		- [[Numtide]]
		- [[DeterminateSystems]]
		- [[Logseq/Entity]]
		- [[Logseq/Entity/company]]
