- ran across [[jj-vcs]] again. need to read these
	- [Introduction - Steve's Jujutsu Tutorial](https://steveklabnik.github.io/jujutsu-tutorial/)
	- [[Person/Chris Krycho/Blog/24/02/02/jj init]]
- let’s talk about slop(, baby)
	- https://lucumr.pocoo.org/2026/5/4/content-for-contents-sake/
		- [[Person/Armin Ronacher]], who was an esteemed software engineer way before LLMs, and who since has really gone quite deep with AI agents, building his own agentic coding harness.  In particular, I was struck by Armin's point that the rise of AI is imposing significant externalities upon the quality of communication by making it harder to really listen to others:
		- > I recently talked with my friend Ben who said he forced someone to call him to continue a conversation because he was no longer convinced he was talking to a human.
		- > Given the resulting ambiguity, we need to become more aware of how easily we can turn into energy vampires when we use agents to back us up in interactions with others. Consider that every time someone reads text coming from you, they will increasingly have to make a judgment call if it was you, an LLM, or you and an LLM that produced the interaction. Transparency in either direction, when there is ambiguity, can help great lengths.
	- https://leehanchung.github.io/blogs/2026/05/01/dont-outsource-your-understanding/
		- in [[Person/Han Lee]]'s post *Don't Outsource your Understanding*, I found the concept of "Cognitive Surrender" vs "Cognitive Offloading" to be useful.
		- [Cognitive Surrender comes from Wharton research](https://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=6097646).
			- ***Cognitive offloading*** keeps the human in the loop for verification. And through verification we learn and understand.
			- ***Cognitive surrender*** removes the human entirely. The work still ships. Nobody catches the errors until a downstream wildfire breaks out.
- # [[Gard/Diff]]
	- ## [[Filed]]
		- markdown ADR spec
			- [[Architecture/Decision/Record/MADR]]
		- save tokensk
			- [[rtk]]
		- [[DevContainer/GitHub/spec/Process]]
		- looks promising
			- [[gh-infra]]
		- dotfiles inspo
			- [[Person/Masaki Ishiyama]]
			- [[Person/Masaki Ishiyama/GitHub/dotfiles]]
			- [[Person/Shunsuke KITADA]]
			- [[Person/Shunsuke KITADA/GitHub/dotfiles]]
			- influential author of rust book's review of JJ and dotfiles
				- [[Person/Chris Krycho]]
				- [[Person/Chris Krycho/Blog/24/02/02/jj init]]
				- [[Person/Chris Krycho/GitHub/dotfiles]]
			- [[Person/lv416e]]
			- mise, tmux, brew in chezmoi, also available in github codespaces dotfiles through devcontainer
				- [[Person/lv416e/GitHub/dotfiles]]
	- ## [[Updated]]
		- [[Architecture/Decision/Record]]
		- [[jj-vcs]]