## CLI
	- ### AI Coding
		- [[AI/Coding/Tool/Q/How can I do fire and forget tasks in each CLI AI coding tool like Claude Code cursor-agent and codex?]]
	- [[CLI/Craftsmanship]]
		- [[tmux]]
			- Starting to get to know `:set-window-option synchronize-panes` which lets me then do `. ~/.zshrc` which I likely need to do once per day in each of my panes.
			- [[AI]] told me that when you do `:source-file ~/.tmux.conf`, it reloads the config across the entire tmux server. So, in theory, if I had two iterm windows with two tmux sessions and I ran the command in one, it would refresh it in the other. Not yet convinced this is the case, as it's a rather unique model for CLI interactions.
			- [[tmux/oh-my-tmux]]
				- [[tmux/Q/What does the light blue tinge for window logo mean in oh-my-tmux]]
				- learned that `<prefix> Ctrl-h` and `<prefix> Ctrl-l` focus to the [[tmux/Window]] to the left and right, respectively, in the current session. it's easy to mistake this for `<prefix> h` and `<prefix> l`, which do the vim keybinding panes navigation in oh-my-tmux.
			- Added [[tmux/Keyshort/Window/Navigate Windows]] and [[tmux/Keyshort/Pane/Navigate Panes Vim-style]]
		- [[dotfiles]]
			- for the umpteenth time, started working on a dotfiles setup, this time using [[chezmoi]]. Using [[OpenAI/Codex/Desktop/MacOS]] for this.
			- I added [[CodexCLI]] and wondered, where do I add this system / terminal dependency? normally I'd codify this in a [[DevContainer]]. I used to install stuff like this using [[ansible]], and in the last year I've also used [[mise]] for this.
		- [[Lazygit/Keyshort/Copy to clipboard]]
			- Updated with `#card` flashcards for `y` modal and its sub-options