- [exe.dev](https://exe.dev/docs/what-is-exe) - see blog post [crawshaw - 2026-04-22](https://crawshaw.io/blog/building-a-cloud) - this is a bespoke micro neocloud provider made by an individual.
- interesting discussions
	- of [[NixOS]] integration with [[secretspec]] [NixOS integration · Issue #65 · cachix/secretspec](https://github.com/cachix/secretspec/issues/65)
	- of [[mise]] creator's new [[secretspec]]-type project that integrates with mise, [Mention fnox · Issue #42 · cachix/secretspec](https://github.com/cachix/secretspec/issues/42) - derailed into [[AI/Anti]] rant
	- [[@jdx]]
- ## with [[Adobe]], the simplest things are the hardest
	- This morning I wanted to a lightweight edits of a movie file that was in [[Lightroom/Classic]]. I just needed to edit the start and end times and add some text.
		- Discovered that [[Adobe/Rush]] was discontinued (technically, it will no longer be available in September). Apparently Adobe no longer has a lightweight, desktop-native video editor; the closest thing is [[Adobe/Premiere/Pro]], which is, needless to say, overkill for this use case.
		- I tried [[Adobe/Express/Web]], which was fine, I guess, but upon downloading the video, it didn't preserve the creation time metadata from the original, so when I imported it back into Lightroom Classic, it wasn't adjacent to it in the gallery view, even though I manually renamed the file so as to be lexicographically adjacent to the one it was supposed to replace. I used [[CodexCLI]] to set the metadata of the file to be the same as the original using [[ffmpeg]] and [[ffprobe]], but it was still showing the date as Jan 1, 1904, even after right clicking on the folder and selecting Synchronize Folder ... > Synchronize Metadata. I directed codex to investigate, minutes passed, it produced a new candidate. For some reason, right clicking on the thumbnail in the gallery view > Metadata options were all greyed out, so I synchronized the folder again. It still showed as Jan 1, 1904. Then I right clicked on the thumbnail > Remove from Lightroom while leaving it on disk, then did Synchronize Folder again to re-add it. That worked.
	- in this process, I discovered (too late) that [[MacOS/Finder/View/Gallery]] has a [[MacOS/Finder/Video/Trim]] option, which could have potentially saved me some time.
	- I understand that in principle, I could have just iterated with [[ffmpeg]] at the CLI, but it makes me wonder how much time that really would have saved. Are there [[CLI/Tool]]s for people who want to stay in the CLI but do simple video edits?
	- I also learned that if I make changes in [[Lightroom/Classic/View/Develop/HDR]], they don't show up in [[Lightroom/Classic/View/Library]] - and apparently this is intentional? I *think* it encodes HDR configuration bits in the metadata of the image format, and then, if the display medium has HDR features, it uses those metadata to render it differently. But Adobe's own product doesn't display that in its own library view, so how can anyone reasonably expect those bits to be useful to other products?
	-