pages/AI___ES___25___11 Code___LEAD___20 Thu.md, before:

- [AI Engineer Code Summit: Nov 19-22, NYC](https://www.ai.engineer/code)
- [AI Engineer Code Summit 2025 - Schedule - 11/20](https://www.ai.engineer/schedule#2025-11-20)
	- [[AI/ES/25/11 Code/LEAD/20 Thu/0905 Anthropic Claude APIs Agents]]
	- [[AI/ES/25/11 Code/LEAD/20 Thu/0925 Michele Catasta VP Replit Autonomy is all you need]]
	- [[AI/ES/25/11 Code/LEAD/20 Thu/0945 Lisa Orr Zapier Your Support Team Shipping Code]]
	- [[AI/ES/25/11 Code/LEAD/20 Thu/1005 2026 year ide died steve yegge gene kim amp sourcegraph]]
	- [[AI/ES/25/11 Code/LEAD/20 Thu/1100 OpenAI Applied AI Bill Chen Brian Fioca Future-Proof Coding Agents]]
	- [[AI/ES/25/11 Code/LEAD/20 Thu/1120 McKinsey Moving away from Agile]]
	- [[AI/ES/25/11 Code/LEAD/20 Thu/1140 Yegor Denisov-Blanch Stanford AI ROI Software Engineering]]
	- [[AI/ES/25/11 Code/LEAD/20 Thu/1200 Itamar Friedman CEO Qodo State of AI Code Quality]]
	- [[AI/ES/25/11 Code/LEAD/20 Thu/1220 minimax M2 Olive Song]]
	- [[AI/ES/25/11 Code/LEAD/20 Thu/1220 minimax M2 Olive Song]]
	- [[AI/ES/25/11 Code/LEAD/20 Thu/1345 Proactive Agents Kath Korevec Google Labs]]
	- [[AI/ES/25/11 Code/LEAD/20 Thu/1405 Northwestern Mutual Asaf Bord Small Bets Big Impact]]
	- [[AI/ES/25/11 Code/LEAD/20 Thu/1425 Lei Zhang Bloomberg Tech Infra Eng]]
	- [[AI/ES/25/11 Code/LEAD/20 Thu/1445 Arc to Dia Lessons from Browser Company Samir Mody]]
- ## Companies Mentioned
	- [[Anthropic]], [[ReplitAI]], [[Zapier]], [[Sourcegraph]], [[OpenAI]], [[McKinsey]], [[QodoAI]], [[MiniMaxAI]], [[Google]], [[Northwestern Mutual]], [[Bloomberg]], [[Browser/Company]], [[Monday.com]], [[Nubank]], [[Salesforce]], [[Sonar]], [[Faros]], [[Nvidia]], [[Zed]], [[Booking.com]], [[Cisco]], [[Fidelity]], [[Travelopia]]

Commit message:

docs: update existing pages with new content and links

pages/AI___ES___25___11 Code___LEAD___20 Thu.md, after:

- [AI Engineer Code Summit: Nov 19-22, NYC](https://www.ai.engineer/code)
- [AI Engineer Code Summit 2025 - Schedule - 11/20](https://www.ai.engineer/schedule#2025-11-20)
	- [[AI/ES/25/11 Code/LEAD/20 Thu/0905 Anthropic Claude APIs Agents]]
	- [[AI/ES/25/11 Code/LEAD/20 Thu/0925 Michele Catasta VP Replit Autonomy is all you need]]
	- [[AI/ES/25/11 Code/LEAD/20 Thu/0945 Lisa Orr Zapier Your Support Team Shipping Code]]
	- [[AI/ES/25/11 Code/LEAD/20 Thu/1005 2026 year ide died steve yegge gene kim amp sourcegraph]]
	- [[AI/ES/25/11 Code/LEAD/20 Thu/1100 OpenAI Applied AI Bill Chen Brian Fioca Future-Proof Coding Agents]]
	- [[AI/ES/25/11 Code/LEAD/20 Thu/1120 McKinsey Moving away from Agile]]
	- [[AI/ES/25/11 Code/LEAD/20 Thu/1140 Yegor Denisov-Blanch Stanford AI ROI Software Engineering]]
	- [[AI/ES/25/11 Code/LEAD/20 Thu/1200 Itamar Friedman CEO Qodo State of AI Code Quality]]
	- [[AI/ES/25/11 Code/LEAD/20 Thu/1220 minimax M2 Olive Song]]
	- [[AI/ES/25/11 Code/LEAD/20 Thu/1345 Proactive Agents Kath Korevec Google Labs]]
	- [[AI/ES/25/11 Code/LEAD/20 Thu/1405 Northwestern Mutual Asaf Bord Small Bets Big Impact]]
	- [[AI/ES/25/11 Code/LEAD/20 Thu/1425 Lei Zhang Bloomberg Tech Infra Eng]]
	- [[AI/ES/25/11 Code/LEAD/20 Thu/1445 Arc to Dia Lessons from Browser Company Samir Mody]]
- ## Video timestamps
	- [00:03:02](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cMSprbJ95jg&t=182s) - "The New Code" and the Philosophy of Creation
	  [00:13:38](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cMSprbJ95jg&t=818s) - Host Alex Lieberman Welcomes Attendees & Introduces the Summit
	  [00:17:45](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cMSprbJ95jg&t=1065s) - Anthropic (Katelyn Lesse): 3 Pillars of Building Agentic Systems with Claude
	  [00:31:36](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cMSprbJ95jg&t=1896s) - Replit (Michele Catasta): Supervised vs. Unsupervised Autonomy for Non-Technical Users
	  [00:57:46](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cMSprbJ95jg&t=3466s) - Zapier (Lisa Orr): Case Study on "Scout," the Support Team AI Agent
	  [01:10:31](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cMSprbJ95jg&t=4231s) - Steve Yegge & Gene Kim Begin Their High-Energy "Vibe Coding" Talk
	  [01:16:54](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cMSprbJ95jg&t=4614s) - Hot Take: Steve Yegge Declares the IDE is Dead and Using One Makes You a "Bad Engineer"
	  [01:22:22](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cMSprbJ95jg&t=4942s&pp=0gcJCTAAlc8ueATH) - Gene Kim Defines "Vibe Coding" & the FAFO Framework (Faster, Ambitious, Fun, Optionality)
	  [01:35:20](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cMSprbJ95jg&t=5720s) - Mid Morning Break Begins
	  [02:11:38](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cMSprbJ95jg&t=7898s) - OpenAI Team (Bill Chen & Brian Fioca) Presentation Starts
	  [02:15:16](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cMSprbJ95jg&t=8116s) - OpenAI Explains the Importance of the Agent "Harness"
	  [02:35:51](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cMSprbJ95jg&t=9351s) - McKinsey (Martin Harrysson & Natasha Maniar): Argument that the Agile Operating Model is a Bottleneck
	  [02:55:05](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cMSprbJ95jg&t=10505s) - Stanford (Yegor Denisov-Blanch): Research Shows Codebase Cleanliness Correlates Strongly with AI Productivity
	  [03:12:12](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cMSprbJ95jg&t=11532s) - Qodo (Itamar Friedman): Breaking the "Glass Ceiling" of Productivity with Agentic Quality
	  [03:42:30](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cMSprbJ95jg&t=13350s) - Lunch Break Begins
	  [05:00:11](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cMSprbJ95jg&t=18011s) - Google Labs (Kath Korevec): The Shift from Reactive to Proactive Agents ("Jules")
	  [05:22:33](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cMSprbJ95jg&t=19353s) - Northwestern Mutual (Asaf Bord): Case Study on a Phased Rollout of a GenBI Agent
	  [05:46:16](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cMSprbJ95jg&t=20776s) - Bloomberg (Lei Zhang): Creating a "Paved Path" for Enterprise AI Adoption
	  [06:03:13](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cMSprbJ95jg&t=21793s) - The Browser Co. (Samir Mody): Treating "Model Behavior" as a Craft & Discipline
	  [06:29:07](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cMSprbJ95jg&t=23347s) - Capital One (Max Kanat-Alexander): Core Principle: "What's good for humans is good for AI"
	  [07:09:56](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cMSprbJ95jg&t=25796s) - Final Block of Sessions Begins
	  [07:19:56](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cMSprbJ95jg&t=26396s) - NLW (AI Daily Brief): Initial Findings from Self-Reported AI ROI Study
	  [07:29:07](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cMSprbJ95jg&t=26947s) - Hot Take: 10X (Arman Hezarkhani) Explains the Model for Paying Engineers Like Salespeople (Per Story Point)
	  [08:10:27](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cMSprbJ95jg&t=29427s) - Every (Dan Shipper): "Compounding Engineering" in an AI-Native Company
	  [08:19:22](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cMSprbJ95jg&t=29962s) - Host Alex Lieberman's Closing Remarks & After-Party Kickoff
- ## Companies Mentioned
	- [[Anthropic]], [[ReplitAI]], [[Zapier]], [[Sourcegraph]], [[OpenAI]], [[McKinsey]], [[QodoAI]], [[MiniMaxAI]], [[Google]], [[Northwestern Mutual]], [[Bloomberg]], [[Browser/Company]], [[Monday.com]], [[Nubank]], [[Salesforce]], [[Sonar]], [[Faros]], [[Nvidia]], [[Zed]], [[Booking.com]], [[Cisco]], [[Fidelity]], [[Travelopia]]
