pages/AI___Coding___Technique___Phased Planning___ai-coding dir.md, before:

#  AI Coding technique - Using an `.ai-coding/TICKET/` dir for staging [[SDLC]] planning artifacts by SDLC Phase
	- ## Summary of the `/.ai-coding/TICKET-feature-name/` directory
	  id:: 67c180c4-95f6-4d0b-b787-60d11eed3ff9
		- Named after the ticket and a brief description of the feature; preferably the name of this directory matches the end of the branch name; `TICKET` is an external project management ticket reference from [[JIRA]], [[GitHub/Issue]], [[Gitlab/Issue]], [[JetBrains/YouTrack]], etc, so something like `ASDF-123` for Jira
		- Contains all planning and documentation assets for a single feature's implementation. Here they are, broken down by the **Phase** in which they are created or used.
		- ### [[AI/Coding/v0/Phase/0 - Preparation]]
		  id:: 67c2d185-4821-4b6f-80f9-51b05cdb859e
			- Before beginning work on a ticket, even before assembling materials to work on the ticket, it helps to have a the coding environment is correctly configured. This includes but is not limited to:
				- downloading the repository
				- setting up the IDE
					- ensuring that [[Prompts]] for [[AI Coding]] are configured and accessible
						- [[CursorAI/Project Rules]]
							- [[CursorAI/Project Rule/cursor-project-rule-editor.mdc]]
							- descriptions of the context of
								- the repository
									- directory structure
									- purpose
									- coding conventions
										- git commit format
										- when to commit
								- when to suggest an update to a cursor rule
				- provisioning API tokens, populating [[EnvVar]]s
				- configuring shell
					- consider setting [[git/Config/core.pager]] to use [[cat]]; see also [[AI/Coding/Tip/Avoid Non-Interactive CLI Commands When Defining AI Tools]]
					  id:: 67c2d285-e4ca-448a-96bf-e76c70111882
				- ensuring [[CLI Tools]] are available and configured
					- #Repomix
					- #llm-cli
		- ### [[AI/Coding/v0/Phase/1 - Gather Materials]]
			- **Output:** [[AI/Coding/v0/File/1-TICKET-original-issue.md]] - Original ticket details and high-level #AC
				- this is for [[Project/Management]] stakeholders and likely doesn't have the detail needed for implementation
				- pulled in from a tool like [[JIRA/CLI]], [[GitHub/CLI]], [[Gitlab/CLI]] if not using a tool like [[GitHub/MCP]]
			- **Output:** [[AI/Coding/v0/File/1-TICKET-repomix.config.json]] - defines issue-related repository paths for [[Repomix]]
				- used to gather repo context for external tools like [[ChatGPT]] or [[Claude/Desktop]]
			- **Output:** [[AI/Coding/v0/File/1-TICKET-repo-context.txt]] - Contains the repo context sent to an external LLM in the next step.
				- Should be put in [[git/.gitignore]] and considered a temporary, transitory, runtime artifact of the process
				- Unlike the other files, this should probably not be inside of the `/.ai-coding/TICKET-feature-name/` directory, as the file may be quite large, and there's little value in retaining separate context for separate tickets over time.
		- ### [[AI/Coding/v0/Phase/2 - Requirements Interview]]
			- **Output:** [[AI/Coding/v0/File/2-TICKET-technical-specification.md]] - Detailed technical requirements, data models, [[Acceptance Criteria]], and architecture decisions
		- ### [[AI/Coding/v0/Phase/3 - Implementation Plan]]
			- **Output:** [[AI/Coding/v0/File/3-TICKET-staged-implementation-plan.md]] - Step-by-step implementation guide for AI implementation.
				- Contains AI prompts broken down into **Stages**, *each* of which
					- chunk the work into a single logical commit
					- builds on previous work
					- contains a step-by-step implementation guide
					- includes its own validation steps
				- Enforces commit discipline in a way specific to the ticket, for example, by adding the issue number into the commit
		- ### [[AI/Coding/v0/Phase/4 - Implementation Checklist]]
			- **Output:** [[AI/Coding/v0/File/6-TICKET-staged-implementation-checklist.md]] - Granular checklist of all required tasks organized by implementation phase, grouped into a single logical commit with a summary commit message
				- While not strictly enforced, ideally the commit history should roughly match the stages in this checklist
		- ### [[AI/Coding/v0/Phase/5 - Implementation]]
			- **Update:** Each iteration updates a single **Stage** in [[AI/Coding/v0/File/6-TICKET-staged-implementation-checklist.md]] **Stage**, checking off the todos for that stage, and ends with a commit
			- **Output:** [[AI/Coding/v0/File/6-TICKET-qa-todo.md]] - This is a [[QA/Test Plan]] checklist, with both human and AI todo items, including automated testing, manual verification, code coverage, etc. While each iteration is likely to run some if not all tests, each iteration may update  with any areas of the codebase that will later require final verification before submission.
		- ### [[AI/Coding/v0/Phase/6 - Verification]]
			- **Complete:** [[AI/Coding/v0/File/6-TICKET-staged-implementation-checklist.md]]
			- **Update:** [[AI/Coding/v0/File/6-TICKET-qa-todo.md]]
			- **Output:** [[AI/Coding/v0/File/6-TICKET-qa-summary.md]] - a summary of the QA impacted areas of the codebase, the testing activities conducted, etc.
		- ### [[AI/Coding/v0/Phase/7 - Documentation]]
			- **Output:** [[AI/Coding/v0/File/7-TICKET-mr-summary.md]], a [[Merge Request/Description]] with a summary of changes, testing results, documentation updates, and next steps for reviewers
			- **Output:** In-repository documentation updates
		- ### [[AI/Coding/v0/Phase/8 - Submission]]
			- **Output:** [[AI/Coding/v0/File/8-TICKET-mr-handoff.md]] - Summary of changes made during the [[Code Review]], along with any items that may need follow-up in future tickets
	- ## About the `<STAGE_NUM>-<TICKET_REF>-` prefix for files
		- **STAGE_NUM** - By prefixing the file with the stage number, the files will be sorted in chronological order of when they will be used. This benefits both the AI and the human participants, as they can use a shared vocabulary
		- **TICKET_REF** - Ideally, this wouldn't be necessary. In [[CursorAI]], it can currently be a bit messy when trying to pull a specific file into the chat pane using [[CursorAI/@/Files]] if many files are named the same. In the interest of making it possible to uniquely identify all files using `@` references, one may prefix the files with the ticket. This has the advantage of making it possible to quickly reference an item. If Cursor's UI evolves a more reliable directory drill-down UI, it may make sense to omit this section of the file names.
	- ## See also
		- [[Person/Harper Reed/Blog/25/02/My LLM codegen workflow atm]]

Commit message:

Update Cursor Project Rule Editor with Enhanced Formatting and Critical Warning
- Refine `.mdc` file formatting guidelines
- Add critical warning about file initialization bug when creating/editing `.mdc` files
- Update description and globs configuration
- Improve frontmatter and link formatting recommendations
- Enhance rule documentation with more precise instructions

pages/AI___Coding___Technique___Phased Planning___ai-coding dir.md, after:

#  AI Coding technique - Using an `.ai-coding/TICKET/` dir for staging [[SDLC]] planning artifacts by SDLC Phase
	- ## Summary of the `/.ai-coding/TICKET-feature-name/` directory
	  id:: 67c180c4-95f6-4d0b-b787-60d11eed3ff9
		- Named after the ticket and a brief description of the feature; preferably the name of this directory matches the end of the branch name; `TICKET` is an external project management ticket reference.
			- ### Examples of `TICKET` references
				- [[JIRA]] - `ASDF-123`
				- [[GitHub/Issue]] - by convention, `gh-issue-123` for an issue in the current repo
				- [[Gitlab/Issue]] - by convention, `gl-issue-123` for an issue in the current repo
		- This directory contains all planning and documentation assets for a single feature's implementation. Here's an example full directory with all files for a github issue:
			- `/.ai-coding/gl-issue-123-feature-name/`
				- [[AI/Coding/v0/File/1-TICKET-original-issue.md]]
				- [[AI/Coding/v0/File/1-TICKET-repomix.config.json]]
				- [[AI/Coding/v0/File/2-TICKET-technical-specification.md]]
				- [[AI/Coding/v0/File/3-TICKET-staged-implementation-plan.md]]
				- [[AI/Coding/v0/File/6-TICKET-staged-implementation-checklist.md]]
				- [[AI/Coding/v0/File/6-TICKET-qa-todo.md]]
				- [[AI/Coding/v0/File/6-TICKET-qa-summary.md]]
				- [[AI/Coding/v0/File/7-TICKET-mr-summary.md]]
				- [[AI/Coding/v0/File/8-TICKET-mr-handoff.md]]
	- ## Phases and their [[Intermediate Packets]] AKA output files
		- ### [[AI/Coding/v0/Phase/0 - Preparation]]
		  id:: 67c2d185-4821-4b6f-80f9-51b05cdb859e
			- Before beginning work it is a good idea to prepare the coding environment for AI coding. This includes but is not limited to:
				- downloading the repository
				- setting up the IDE
					- ensuring that [[Prompts]] for [[AI Coding]] are configured and accessible
						- [[CursorAI/Project Rules]]
							- [[CursorAI/Project Rule/cursor-project-rule-editor.mdc]]
							- descriptions of the context of
								- the repository
									- directory structure
									- purpose
									- coding conventions
										- git commit format
										- when to commit
								- when to suggest an update to a cursor rule
				- provisioning API tokens, populating [[EnvVar]]s
				- configuring shell
					- consider setting [[git/Config/core.pager]] to use [[cat]]; see also [[AI/Coding/Tip/Avoid Non-Interactive CLI Commands When Defining AI Tools]]
					  id:: 67c2d285-e4ca-448a-96bf-e76c70111882
				- ensuring [[CLI Tools]] are available and configured
					- #Repomix
					- #llm-cli
		- ### [[AI/Coding/v0/Phase/1 - Gather Materials]]
			- **Output:** [[AI/Coding/v0/File/1-TICKET-original-issue.md]] - Original ticket details and high-level #AC
				- this is for [[Project/Management]] stakeholders and likely doesn't have the detail needed for implementation
				- pulled in from a tool like [[JIRA/CLI]], [[GitHub/CLI]], [[Gitlab/CLI]] if not using a tool like [[GitHub/MCP]]
			- **Output:** [[AI/Coding/v0/File/1-TICKET-repomix.config.json]] - defines issue-related repository paths for [[Repomix]]
				- used to gather repo context for external tools like [[ChatGPT]] or [[Claude/Desktop]]
			- **Output:** [[AI/Coding/v0/File/1-TICKET-repo-context.txt]] - Contains the repo context sent to an external LLM in the next step.
				- Should be put in [[git/.gitignore]] and considered a temporary, transitory, runtime artifact of the process
				- Unlike the other files, this should probably not be inside of the `/.ai-coding/TICKET-feature-name/` directory, as the file may be quite large, and there's little value in retaining separate context for separate tickets over time.
		- ### [[AI/Coding/v0/Phase/2 - Requirements Interview]]
			- **Output:** [[AI/Coding/v0/File/2-TICKET-technical-specification.md]] - Detailed technical requirements, data models, [[Acceptance Criteria]], and architecture decisions
		- ### [[AI/Coding/v0/Phase/3 - Implementation Plan]]
			- **Output:** [[AI/Coding/v0/File/3-TICKET-staged-implementation-plan.md]] - Step-by-step implementation guide for AI implementation.
				- Contains AI prompts broken down into **Stages**, *each* of which
					- chunk the work into a single logical commit
					- builds on previous work
					- contains a step-by-step implementation guide
					- includes its own validation steps
				- Enforces commit discipline in a way specific to the ticket, for example, by adding the issue number into the commit
		- ### [[AI/Coding/v0/Phase/4 - Implementation Checklist]]
			- **Output:** [[AI/Coding/v0/File/6-TICKET-staged-implementation-checklist.md]] - Granular checklist of all required tasks organized by implementation phase, grouped into a single logical commit with a summary commit message
				- While not strictly enforced, ideally the commit history should roughly match the stages in this checklist
		- ### [[AI/Coding/v0/Phase/5 - Implementation]]
			- **Update:** Each iteration updates a single **Stage** in [[AI/Coding/v0/File/6-TICKET-staged-implementation-checklist.md]] **Stage**, checking off the todos for that stage, and ends with a commit
			- **Output:** [[AI/Coding/v0/File/6-TICKET-qa-todo.md]] - This is a [[QA/Test Plan]] checklist, with both human and AI todo items, including automated testing, manual verification, code coverage, etc. While each iteration is likely to run some if not all tests, each iteration may update  with any areas of the codebase that will later require final verification before submission.
		- ### [[AI/Coding/v0/Phase/6 - Verification]]
			- **Complete:** [[AI/Coding/v0/File/6-TICKET-staged-implementation-checklist.md]]
			- **Update:** [[AI/Coding/v0/File/6-TICKET-qa-todo.md]]
			- **Output:** [[AI/Coding/v0/File/6-TICKET-qa-summary.md]] - a summary of the QA impacted areas of the codebase, the testing activities conducted, etc.
		- ### [[AI/Coding/v0/Phase/7 - Documentation]]
			- **Output:** [[AI/Coding/v0/File/7-TICKET-mr-summary.md]], a [[Merge Request/Description]] with a summary of changes, testing results, documentation updates, and next steps for reviewers
			- **Output:** In-repository documentation updates
		- ### [[AI/Coding/v0/Phase/8 - Submission]]
			- **Output:** [[AI/Coding/v0/File/8-TICKET-mr-handoff.md]] - Summary of changes made during the [[Code Review]], along with any items that may need follow-up in future tickets
	- ## About the `<STAGE_NUM>-<TICKET_REF>-` prefix for files
		- **STAGE_NUM** - By prefixing the file with the stage number, the files will be sorted in chronological order of when they will be used. This benefits both the AI and the human participants, as they can use a shared vocabulary
		- **TICKET_REF** - Ideally, this wouldn't be necessary. In [[CursorAI]], it can currently be a bit messy when trying to pull a specific file into the chat pane using [[CursorAI/@/Files]] if many files are named the same. In the interest of making it possible to uniquely identify all files using `@` references, one may prefix the files with the ticket. This has the advantage of making it possible to quickly reference an item. If Cursor's UI evolves a more reliable directory drill-down UI, it may make sense to omit this section of the file names.
	- ## See also
		- [[Person/Harper Reed/Blog/25/02/My LLM codegen workflow atm]]
