pages/CursorAI___Project Rule___Test___Agent___Follow @docs.md, before:

# Can Cursor Agent Mode follow [[CursorAI/@/Docs]] references in [[.mdc]] files?
	- ## Test Preparation
		- Visit to the [[CursorAI/Test/Fixture/Docs/Root]] Github Link: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/codekiln/logseq-encode-garden/refs/heads/main/pages/CursorAI___Test___Fixture___Sample%20Docs%20Page.md
			- index this as `sample-doc`
				- Open Cursor agent
				- Enter `@sample-doc`
				- When it prompts to enter a new doc, enter `https://raw.githubusercontent.com/codekiln/logseq-encode-garden/refs/heads/main/pages/CursorAI___Test___Fixture___Sample%20Docs%20Page.md`
				- Name: sample-doc
				- Prefix: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/codekiln/logseq-encode-garden/refs/heads/main/pages/CursorAI___Test___Fixture___Sample%20Docs%20Page.md
				- Entrypoint: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/codekiln/logseq-encode-garden/refs/heads/main/pages/CursorAI___Test___Fixture___Sample%20Docs%20Page.md
				- Click Confirm
		- Place this file at `.cursor/rules`
			- [[CursorAI/Project Rule/Link/GitHub]]
				- [test-favorite-cars.mdc](https://github.com/codekiln/logseq-encode-garden/blob/main/.cursor/rules/test-favorite-cars.mdc)
	- ## Test
		- {{embed [[CursorAI/Project Rule/Test/Standard Setup]]}}
		- Activate Agent mode in Cur

Commit message:

Add Cursor Docs Reference Test Rules and PreBuilt Docs Page
- Create new `.cursor/rules` files for testing docs references with and without spaces
- Remove outdated test-docs-at-reference.mdc rule
- Add new page for pre-built Cursor documentation sources
- Update Docs @ Symbols page with reference to pre-built docs
- Modify Project Rule test page with sample queries for docs references

pages/CursorAI___Project Rule___Test___Agent___Follow @docs.md, after:

# Can Cursor Agent Mode follow [[CursorAI/@/Docs]] references in [[.mdc]] files?
	- ## Test Preparation
		- Try a docs query to one of the pre-built providers [[CursorAI/@/Docs/PreBuilt]]
			- Sample queries
				- `@Aws Lambda what's an Alias configuration?`
					- it should pull in 4-8 docs from [AliasConfiguration](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/api/API_AliasConfiguration.html)
				- `@Ansible how can I install multiple collections with a requirements file?`
					- it should pull in 4-8 docs including [Installing collections — Ansible Community Documentation](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/collections_guide/collections_installing.html#install-multiple-collections-with-a-requirements-file)
		- Place this file at `.cursor/rules`
			- [[CursorAI/Project Rule/Link/GitHub]]
				- [test-favorite-cars.mdc](https://github.com/codekiln/logseq-encode-garden/blob/main/.cursor/rules/test-favorite-cars.mdc)
	- ## Test
		- {{embed [[CursorAI/Project Rule/Test/Standard Setup]]}}
		- Activate Agent mode in Cur
