icmc25-id:: 638

- # Union of Workers
	- ## [[My Notes]]
		- Wacky, clushing, jaming, new, definitely reminds me of [[Person/Louis Andriessen]]. I think this is an example of a performance piece that was composed using computer inputs.  - there are no effects here. Reminds me of "the people united can never be defeated."
	- ## #Description
		- **Union of Workers** is a composition that explores the intersection between music and artificial intelligence. The piece is based on [[Person/Louis Andriessen/Worker's Union]] I used [[Google/Magenta]] engine to extend and morph between some of my favorite passages from the original work with various settings,
		- **creating over 10,000 measures** that I then arranged and manipulated into a complete formal composition. The result is unique and dynamic music created through integrated intelligence that blurs the line between human performance and computation. The composition is written for any combination of New Interfaces for Musical Expression (NIMEs) and can also be performed by acoustic instrumentalists who approach their instruments as NIMEs by using extended techniques. The original work only specified pitch contour and loudness, but my 21st century interpretation adds a concept of timbre to the score with notation for noisiness, brightness, or darkness. The instrumentalists must also find moments of punctuated equilibrium, the idea that evolution happens in short bursts of rapid change, separated by long periods of stability. This adds a layer of unpredictability to the performance. The piece was commissioned by and written for Ensemble Decipher and raises important questions about workers’ rights and the impact of mechanization on the labor force. The piece acknowledges the historical struggle of workers to achieve fair treatment and just compensation in the face of technological advances that threaten to make human labor obsolete. Through the use of AI, the composition draws attention to the ever-increasing role of machines in the workplace and the need for society to prioritize the well-being of workers as we navigate this rapidly changing landscape. Drawing from Andriessen’s legacy, “Union of Workers” becomes a powerful musical statement that combines artistic expression with social commentary, challenging audiences to think deeply about the intersection of art, technology, labor, and social justice.
	- ## #Composer [[Person/Margaret Schedel]]
		- Forging vital connections between classical music, audio data research, and innovative computational arts education **Dr. Margaret Anne Schedel** cultivates new possibilities at the boundaries where disciplines meet. Her diverse creative output includes multimedia operas, virtual reality experiences, sound art, video game scores, compositions for classical instruments with interactive electronics, and the development of custom interactive controllers. Honored with NIME’s Pamela Z Innovation Award, Schedel is set to release her solo CD, “Signal through the Flames,” in 2026. Her fascination with data sonification caught NPR’s Science Friday’s attention, where she showed how sound can unveil hidden patterns in everything from nanomaterials to the movement of people with Parkinson’s Disease. This same innovative spirit led her to co-found Lyrai, where she’s using AI to capture the acoustic essence of architectural spaces. She is a Professor of Music and core faculty of the Institute of Advanced Computational Science at Stony Brook University, and formerly served as the Chair of Art. Her research ventures into unexpected territory, from the meeting point of Hip-hop and electroacoustic music to the challenge of making technological art sustainable. As co-author of “Electronic Music” (Cambridge University Press) and regional editor of “Organised Sound,” she helps shape conversations about the future of music while nurturing the next generation of creators.
	- ## #Performer
		- {{embed [[Group/Hinge Quartet]]}}