icmc25-id:: 491

- # Air Sampling #007 – Air Guitar
	- ## [[My Notes]]
	  id:: 684b71c0-7bfd-45b3-b439-4a7af622bea8
		- DIRTY LITTLE FUN HAVERS
		- TODO attach #Video
	- ## #Description
		- #Short
			- Live guitar gestures are captured in XR space and "re-sampled" by SoundSpaceXR, spawning an audiovisual feedback loop where virtual strings and real strings trade riffs in mid-air.
		- #Long
			- **Air Sampling #007 – Air Guitar** is a series of co-improvised performances in which a sound source is sampled and distributed in space in real time. In the first performance #001, Greg Beller uses instruments Sound Space, Spatial Trigger and Spatial Looper, to record and distribute Lin Chen’s voice and percussion throughout the stage space. Then he plays the samples in an improvised musical choreography, making with Lin Chen a duo improvisation. Interactive video made by Janina Lukow aKa Klara. In the second performance AirSampling #002, Greg Beller develops a new version of the SoundSpace using Virtual Reality, the SoundSpaceXR. He composed and performed several works, the vanishing mirror with an ensemble, The Fault with an ensemble, AirSampling #003 – Macht Macht Macht for voice and audience, Air Sampling #004 – Touching Spirits with a pianist, AirSampling #005 – Si Xu with a Guzheng player (ICMC2023) , AirSampling #006 – Hybrid with a pianist. For this seventh performance, Greg Beller and Kieran McAuliffe, at the e-Guitar, co-improvise a musical form that unfolds in an invisible architecture revealed by dance, generated by the spatial gaps of collective memory.
	- ## #Composers
		- ### [[Person/Grégory Beller]]
			- #Bio/Short
				- Composer and developer of SoundSpaceXR
			-
		- ### [[Person/Kieran McAuliffe]]
			- #Bio/Short
				- Composer and electric guitarist
	- ## #Performers
		- [[Person/Grégory Beller]] — SoundSpaceXR
		- [[Person/Kieran McAuliffe]] — e-Guitar