pages/langgraph___How To___Stream messages into StreamIO with Exponential Backoff.md, before:

# How to stream response chunks into [[StreamIO/Chat/Message]] from [[langgraph]] while addressing [[Rate Limits]] with [[Exponential Backoff]]
	- ## Problem Context
		- While streaming chunks from a LangGraph graph into a StreamIO chat message, the [[StreamIO/Chat/Rate Limits]] at the user or App level may refuse a request. In that case, addressing updating each chunk with exponential backoff would not be advisable.
		- In some streaming scenarios, subsequent chunks replace earlier chunks, in other streaming scenarios, subsequent chunks need to be combined with earlier chunks to obtain the full output.
		- In LangGraph, chunks are streamed with generators. The generators maintain the sequence of the chunks. If one of the chunks cannot update a StreamIO message because of a rate limit error, there are a few available approaches.
	- ## Analysis
		- ### LangGraph Streaming Overview
			- LangGraph supports streaming outputs from a graph using generators, with several streaming modes ("values", "updates", "messages", "custom", "debug"). Each chunk yielded by the generator represents a unit of work, such as a partial LLM output or a state update. See [LangGraph Streaming Concepts](https://langchain-ai.github.io/langgraph/concepts/streaming/) and [How to stream](https://langchain-ai.github.io/langgraph/how-tos/streaming/).
		- ### StreamIO Rate Limits
			- StreamIO applies rate limits at both the user and app level, typically 60 requests per minute per user and higher per app/platform. Exceeding these limits results in HTTP 429 errors. See [StreamIO Rate Limits](https://getstream.io/chat/docs/python/rate_limits/).
			- When a rate limit is hit, StreamIO recommends exponential backoff and retry, and provides headers to inspect remaining quota and reset time.
		- ### Exponential Backoff in Streaming Context
			- Exponential backoff is a standard approach to handling rate limits: after a 429 error, wait an increasing amount of time before retrying (e.g., 1s, 2s, 4s, ... up to a max interval).
			- In the context of streaming, this means that if a chunk update to StreamIO fails due to rate limiting, the application should pause and retry the update with exponential backoff, rather than immediately proceeding to the next chunk.
		- ### Tradeoffs and Best Practices
			- **Serial Processing with Backoff:** Processing each chunk serially and waiting for a successful update before yielding the next chunk ensures strict adherence to rate limits, but may result in unnecessary updates and increased latency.
			- **Batching Chunks:** If rate limits are frequently hit, consider batching multiple chunks together and updating StreamIO less frequently. This reduces the number of API calls and better utilizes the allowed quota.
			- **Skipping Redundant Updates:** In scenarios where only the latest chunk matters (e.g., replacing message content), it may be optimal to skip intermediate updates that failed due to rate limits and only update with the most recent chunk after the backoff period.
			- **Inspect Rate Limit Headers:** Always inspect the `X-RateLimit-Remaining` and `X-RateLimit-Reset` headers in StreamIO responses to dynamically adjust backoff timing and avoid unnecessary retries.
			- **Configurable Retry Policy:** In LangGraph, you can configure retry policies for nodes (see [How to add node retry policies](https://langchain-ai.github.io/langgraph/how-tos/node-retries/)), allowing for exponential backoff and custom retry logic on API errors like 429.
		- ### Example Retry Policy in LangGraph
			- Use the `RetryPolicy` when adding a node that updates StreamIO, specifying `initial_interval`, `backoff_factor`, `max_interval`, and `max_attempts`.
			- Example:
			  ~~~python
			  from langgraph.pregel import RetryPolicy
			  builder.add_node(
			     "update_streamio",
			     update_streamio_fn,
			     retry=RetryPolicy(initial_interval=1.0, backoff_factor=2.0, max_interval=32.0, max_attempts=5)
			  )
			  ~~~
			- This ensures that if a rate limit error occurs, the node will retry with exponential backoff, up to the specified maximum attempts.
		- ### Summary
			- When streaming from LangGraph to StreamIO, design your update logic to:
				- Handle 429 errors with exponential backoff
				- Consider batching or skipping redundant updates
				- Use LangGraph's retry policies for robust error handling
				- Monitor rate limit headers to optimize retry timing
			- This approach balances responsiveness, efficiency, and compliance with StreamIO's rate limits.
	- ## Algorithms
		- ### Exponential-Backoff Skip Algorithm
			- **Idea:** keep pushing chunks through LangGraph's generator, but only update Stream Chat when (a) the last update succeeded or (b) the back-off window has expired—whichever is later. If several new chunks arrive while you're waiting, keep just the latest (append/replace logic) so you don't waste requests.
			- **Steps**
				- Initialise `retry_interval = 1 s`, `max_interval = 32 s`, `backoff_factor = 2`.
				- For each `chunk` from `graph.astream(..., mode="messages")` ([Streaming](https://langchain-ai.github.io/langgraph/concepts/streaming/))
					- If *not* in back-off → try `update_message_partial`.
					- On **HTTP 429** → read `X-RateLimit-Reset`/`Remaining`, enter back-off for `retry_interval`, then double `retry_interval *= backoff_factor` up to `max_interval` ([Rate Limits - Python Chat Messaging Docs - getstream.io](https://getstream.io/chat/docs/python/rate_limits/?utm_source=chatgpt.com)).
					- While in back-off, buffer new chunks, replacing any previous buffered text if your UI only shows the latest content.
					- When the timer expires, send a single `update_message_partial` with the buffered text (or batch of concatenated chunks for additive streams).
					- On success → reset `retry_interval = 1 s`, clear buffer.
			- **Why:** guarantees you never exceed Stream's per-user 60 req/min default yet minimises redundant updates.
		- ### Sample Python (Async)
			- ```python
			  import asyncio, time, itertools
			  from stream_chat import StreamChat
			  from langgraph import some_graph  # your LangGraph instance
			  
			  chat    = StreamChat(api_key=API_KEY, api_secret=API_SECRET)
			  channel = chat.channel("messaging", "general")
			  bot_id  = "ai-bot-general"
			  
			  async def stream_to_streamio(run_id: str, message_id: str):
			      retry_int     = 1          # seconds
			      max_int       = 32
			      backoff_factor= 2
			      backoff_until = 0
			      buffer_text   = ""
			  
			      async for (_, (chunk, _)) in some_graph.astream(run_id, mode="messages"):
			          now = time.time()
			          buffer_text += chunk.content        # or `buffer_text = chunk.content` for replace-only
			          if now < backoff_until:
			              continue                        # still cooling down
			  
			          try:
			              await chat.update_message_partial(
			                  message_id,
			                  {"set": {"text": buffer_text, "generating": True}},
			                  bot_id,
			              )                               # :contentReference[oaicite:2]{index=2}
			              buffer_text, retry_int = "", 1  # reset on success
			          except chat.exceptions.StreamAPIException as e:
			              if e.status_code == 429:
			                  reset_ts = int(e.response.headers.get("X-RateLimit-Reset", now + retry_int))
			                  backoff_until = max(now + retry_int, reset_ts)
			                  retry_int = min(retry_int * backoff_factor, max_int)
			                  # keep accumulating chunks during back-off
			              else:
			                  raise                         # surface non-rate-limit errors
			  
			  ```
			- Uses Stream's **partial-update** endpoint so you never overwrite undeclared fields ([Build an AI Assistant Using Python - getstream.io](https://getstream.io/blog/python-assistant/?utm_source=chatgpt.com)).
			- Works with any LangGraph streaming mode; just adapt the buffer strategy for "replace" vs "append".
		- ### Node-Level Retry Policy (optional)
			- ```python
			  from langgraph.pregel import RetryPolicy
			  builder.add_node(
			      "update_streamio",
			      lambda state: stream_to_streamio(state["run_id"], state["msg_id"]),
			      retry=RetryPolicy(initial_interval=1.0, backoff_factor=2.0,
			                        max_interval=32.0, max_attempts=5)
			  )
			  
			  ```
			- This lets LangGraph itself re-invoke the node when a 429 bubbles up. ([Streaming](https://langchain-ai.github.io/langgraph/concepts/streaming/))

Commit message:

Refactor LangGraph documentation on StreamIO integration and retry policies
- Updated the section on streaming messages into StreamIO with exponential backoff, clarifying the use of configurable retry policies.
- Added context on node-level retry policies in LangGraph, including code examples for implementing exponential backoff.
- Enhanced explanations of handling rate limits and optimizing retry logic for better clarity and usability.

pages/langgraph___How To___Stream messages into StreamIO with Exponential Backoff.md, after:

# How to stream response chunks into [[StreamIO/Chat/Message]] from [[langgraph]] while addressing [[Rate Limits]] with [[Exponential Backoff]]
	- ## Problem Context
		- While streaming chunks from a LangGraph graph into a StreamIO chat message, the [[StreamIO/Chat/Rate Limits]] at the user or App level may refuse a request. In that case, addressing updating each chunk with exponential backoff would not be advisable.
		- In some streaming scenarios, subsequent chunks replace earlier chunks, in other streaming scenarios, subsequent chunks need to be combined with earlier chunks to obtain the full output.
		- In LangGraph, chunks are streamed with generators. The generators maintain the sequence of the chunks. If one of the chunks cannot update a StreamIO message because of a rate limit error, there are a few available approaches.
	- ## Analysis
		- ### LangGraph Streaming Overview
			- LangGraph supports streaming outputs from a graph using generators, with several streaming modes ("values", "updates", "messages", "custom", "debug"). Each chunk yielded by the generator represents a unit of work, such as a partial LLM output or a state update. See [LangGraph Streaming Concepts](https://langchain-ai.github.io/langgraph/concepts/streaming/) and [How to stream](https://langchain-ai.github.io/langgraph/how-tos/streaming/).
		- ### StreamIO Rate Limits
			- StreamIO applies rate limits at both the user and app level, typically 60 requests per minute per user and higher per app/platform. Exceeding these limits results in HTTP 429 errors. See [StreamIO Rate Limits](https://getstream.io/chat/docs/python/rate_limits/).
			- When a rate limit is hit, StreamIO recommends exponential backoff and retry, and provides headers to inspect remaining quota and reset time.
		- ### Exponential Backoff in Streaming Context
			- Exponential backoff is a standard approach to handling rate limits: after a 429 error, wait an increasing amount of time before retrying (e.g., 1s, 2s, 4s, ... up to a max interval).
			- In the context of streaming, this means that if a chunk update to StreamIO fails due to rate limiting, the application should pause and retry the update with exponential backoff, rather than immediately proceeding to the next chunk.
		- ### Tradeoffs and Best Practices
			- **Serial Processing with Backoff:** Processing each chunk serially and waiting for a successful update before yielding the next chunk ensures strict adherence to rate limits, but may result in unnecessary updates and increased latency.
			- **Batching Chunks:** If rate limits are frequently hit, consider batching multiple chunks together and updating StreamIO less frequently. This reduces the number of API calls and better utilizes the allowed quota.
			- **Skipping Redundant Updates:** In scenarios where only the latest chunk matters (e.g., replacing message content), it may be optimal to skip intermediate updates that failed due to rate limits and only update with the most recent chunk after the backoff period.
			- **Inspect Rate Limit Headers:** Always inspect the `X-RateLimit-Remaining` and `X-RateLimit-Reset` headers in StreamIO responses to dynamically adjust backoff timing and avoid unnecessary retries.
		- ### Summary
			- When streaming from LangGraph to StreamIO, design your update logic to:
				- Handle 429 errors with exponential backoff
				- Consider batching or skipping redundant updates
				- Monitor rate limit headers to optimize retry timing
			- This approach balances responsiveness, efficiency, and compliance with StreamIO's rate limits.
	- ## Algorithms
		- ### Exponential-Backoff Skip Algorithm
			- **Idea:** keep pushing chunks through LangGraph's generator, but only update Stream Chat when (a) the last update succeeded or (b) the back-off window has expired—whichever is later. If several new chunks arrive while you're waiting, keep just the latest (append/replace logic) so you don't waste requests.
			- **Steps**
				- Initialise `retry_interval = 1 s`, `max_interval = 32 s`, `backoff_factor = 2`.
				- For each `chunk` from `graph.astream(..., mode="messages")` ([Streaming](https://langchain-ai.github.io/langgraph/concepts/streaming/))
					- If *not* in back-off → try `update_message_partial`.
					- On **HTTP 429** → read `X-RateLimit-Reset`/`Remaining`, enter back-off for `retry_interval`, then double `retry_interval *= backoff_factor` up to `max_interval` ([Rate Limits - Python Chat Messaging Docs - getstream.io](https://getstream.io/chat/docs/python/rate_limits/?utm_source=chatgpt.com)).
					- While in back-off, buffer new chunks, replacing any previous buffered text if your UI only shows the latest content.
					- When the timer expires, send a single `update_message_partial` with the buffered text (or batch of concatenated chunks for additive streams).
					- On success → reset `retry_interval = 1 s`, clear buffer.
			- **Why:** guarantees you never exceed Stream's per-user 60 req/min default yet minimises redundant updates.
		- ### Sample Python (Async)
			- ```python
			  import asyncio, time, itertools
			  from stream_chat import StreamChat
			  from langgraph import some_graph  # your LangGraph instance
			  
			  chat    = StreamChat(api_key=API_KEY, api_secret=API_SECRET)
			  channel = chat.channel("messaging", "general")
			  bot_id  = "ai-bot-general"
			  
			  async def stream_to_streamio(run_id: str, message_id: str):
			      retry_int     = 1          # seconds
			      max_int       = 32
			      backoff_factor= 2
			      backoff_until = 0
			      buffer_text   = ""
			  
			      async for (_, (chunk, _)) in some_graph.astream(run_id, mode="messages"):
			          now = time.time()
			          buffer_text += chunk.content        # or `buffer_text = chunk.content` for replace-only
			          if now < backoff_until:
			              continue                        # still cooling down
			  
			          try:
			              await chat.update_message_partial(
			                  message_id,
			                  {"set": {"text": buffer_text, "generating": True}},
			                  bot_id,
			              )                               # :contentReference[oaicite:2]{index=2}
			              buffer_text, retry_int = "", 1  # reset on success
			          except chat.exceptions.StreamAPIException as e:
			              if e.status_code == 429:
			                  reset_ts = int(e.response.headers.get("X-RateLimit-Reset", now + retry_int))
			                  backoff_until = max(now + retry_int, reset_ts)
			                  retry_int = min(retry_int * backoff_factor, max_int)
			                  # keep accumulating chunks during back-off
			              else:
			                  raise                         # surface non-rate-limit errors
			  
			  ```
			- Uses Stream's **partial-update** endpoint so you never overwrite undeclared fields ([Build an AI Assistant Using Python - getstream.io](https://getstream.io/blog/python-assistant/?utm_source=chatgpt.com)).
			- Works with any LangGraph streaming mode; just adapt the buffer strategy for "replace" vs "append".
	- ## Additional Context: Node-Level Retry Policies in LangGraph
		- **Configurable Retry Policy:** In LangGraph, you can configure retry policies for nodes (see [How to add node retry policies](https://langchain-ai.github.io/langgraph/how-tos/node-retries/)), allowing for exponential backoff and custom retry logic on API errors like 429.
		- **Note:** Node-level retry policies in LangGraph are only relevant if a LangGraph node is directly responsible for updating StreamIO. In the main scenario discussed above, streaming from LangGraph and updating StreamIO are decoupled, so node-level retry policies do not apply. If, however, you architect your graph such that a node performs the StreamIO update, you can use a retry policy as shown below.
		- ```python
		  from langgraph.pregel import RetryPolicy
		  builder.add_node(
		      "update_streamio",
		      lambda state: stream_to_streamio(state["run_id"], state["msg_id"]),
		      retry=RetryPolicy(initial_interval=1.0, backoff_factor=2.0,
		                        max_interval=32.0, max_attempts=5)
		  )
		  ```
		- This lets LangGraph itself re-invoke the node when a 429 bubbles up. ([Streaming](https://langchain-ai.github.io/langgraph/concepts/streaming/))
