# [Michael Casey | LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/michaeljohncasey/)
	- After a more than three-decade career on five continents, my interests have coalesced around the social, economic and political impact of digital technology and globalization. Mostly, I've been a journalist, including 18 years at Dow Jones and The Wall Street Journal. I've since embraced other descriptors: author, researcher, teacher, mentor, communicator, advisor, entrepreneur, and media executive. I focus on projects that harness blockchains and other technologies to improve access to the digital economy and I seek to advance public understanding of the potential for digital innovation to further public good.
	- I'm currently focused on two projects dear to my heart:
	- 1) I'm Chairman of the Decentralized AI Society (DAIS), which brings together companies leading the effort to build artificial intelligence on a decentralized framework. We believed a common effort is needed to challenge the centralized internet platforms' control of data, computational resources and capital for the AI economy. Humanity's survival is at stake.
	- 2) Tell: an innovative platform for funding, developing and distributing documentary films that empowers filmmakers and the communities they serve to end dependence on streaming platforms, unlock resources and tell the stories they need teling.
	- Until March 2024, I was Chief Content Officer at CoinDesk, Inc., whose newsroom won three prestigious journalism awards during my tenure for its coverage of FTX. I was also Chairman of CoinDesk's massive Consensus event and kept my hand in journalism, with my weekly column, Money Reimagined, and a podcast of the same name.
	- Prior to CoinDesk I was at MIT, where in 2015 I was a founding staffer at the Digital Currency Initiative within the MIT Media Lab. I remain a pro bono advisor there.