# [Python: The Documentary | An origin story - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GfH4QL4VqJ0)
	- ## [[Video]]
		- {{video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GfH4QL4VqJ0}}
			- {{youtube-timestamp 0}} Did you think Python was going to get  popular from the beginning or? Python has contributed to making critical thinking a  little more approachable by more people.   You can spend one to two hours, learning programming fundamentals and then you can write like  10 to 20 line of code that do something interesting. The language, the community, the ecosystem, the market, the whole thing has had such an  impact on humanity.  Today, I think it's safe to say that almost anywhere there's a computer, there's probably some Python.  It's literally on Mars. The impact of AI, I think we're still  seeing what that's going to be.  Python is incredibly important for that. To fully understand how Python got  so big, we have to go back in time. Maybe not that far back. Everything started back in Amsterdam in the 80s during my time at CWI, a Dutch research facility. The CWI had been behind a lot of major programming language developments.
			- {{youtube-timestamp 77}} Algol 60 and Algol 68 for instance. And Lambert Meertens had tried  teaching programming to artists and discovered things about programming that are easy, if you're a scientist  or a geek. But for somebody like an artist,   those things weren't obvious because you had to  know something about the computer.  The cause of the frustration was the low level  of the languages that were available.  The computers were immensely  expensive and compared with that a programmer was really really cheap and so programming languages were designed with that  economic relationship in mind. It didn't matter if it took a long time to program as long as it didn't demand too much of  the computer because that's where the cost was.   We looked at each other and said, can't we do a  better job? Can't we design a language that is   easy to learn, easy to teach,  but also easy to use. So that beginners could  understand how to program
			- {{youtube-timestamp 138}} without having to go into all  those messy hardware details. And that's how the ABC project was born. One of the members of the team  was Guido van Rossum. I was hired to work on ABC for which  there was a small prototype but every   part of the prototype had to be expanded  to fully working according to the spec. In 1985, we made the release of ABC. And  then we hit the problem: how to make the   world know that there was ABC? We did not have a good way of  reaching our intended audience.  The web did not exist. Most people had never heard of  a computer or even seen one. If anybody wanted a copy, they had to send us  a letter and we'd send them a floppy disc. So I'm afraid ABC reached very few people and  at some point the directors for reason, that   I still don't understand, killed that project. I had spent, well, 3 and 1/2 years of hard work on this language and the implementation  to make it as as good as we could. So it was disappointing.
			- {{youtube-timestamp 226}} Guido was transferred to another  project on a distributed operating system, the amoeba system. One of my jobs at that project as  the programmer, not the researcher, was to write, or help write, a large  number of user applications. And I didn't actually think that for many of those utilities C was a  very good language. And I thought, well, oh man, if we just could program ABC instead of  C, each of those utilities would be like half a   page of code and I could write the entire suite  of utilities in a couple of weeks instead of the   years that it looked like it  was going to take us. Except that ABC was so high and abstract, it wasn't a good language to talk to servers  and file systems and processes and it sort of   the whole operating system thing was abstracted  away from ABC. So I thought, well, there really   ought to be a language that sort of bridges the  gap between C and shell. And we looked at Perl and
			- {{youtube-timestamp 303}} we didn't think it was any good as a programming  language. It was about as bad as as Basic,   although in different ways. So, Python was also  in a part built as an alternative to Perl. That's   where I decided, oh well, I'm going to see if  I can make my own programming language. One Christmas holiday, I believe, he decided  to spend his time designing and building a   new programming language for the operating  system based on the principles that he'd   learned while on the ABC project. It was logical that I would  start with ABC as an example. The most prominent feature that  Python borrowed from ABC is actually the use   of indentation for statement grouping. But it  was also logical that I sort of dropped the   things from ABC that I didn't particularly  like. That's how we ended up with Python. Okay. I finally was confident enough of  the interpreter was complete enough that
			- {{youtube-timestamp 378}} I showed it to Lambert. He showed me a  language he had developed stealthily,   which he called Python, named after Monty  Python. I said look what I made. It was   clear to me that it had some resemblance  to ABC. The command line prompt is even   the same. So Lambert watched me type a few  things and.. Guido was excited about it and he   apparently thought I would be excited as well.  At some point he had seen enough and he said,   "Can I try something?" And he types one very  short line of code and it crashes the interpreter. And he knew that that it would. The point  escaped me. I didn't know why he thought   this was better than ABC and why he had  done this whole project. I went back and   the next day I had a fix for it. But it was  a pretty crushing experience to be honest. It must have been at least half a year  later, that I first got acquainted with   Python. So this is the office where Guido  and I were holed up when he created Python.
			- {{youtube-timestamp 460}} There were two important users. Sjoerd was  one of them and the other was Jack Jansen. Guido was sitting over there and I was sitting  over there. If you want to prototype a program,   you sort of write the outlines of the program,  but it doesn't actually work. When you do this   in Python, it actually works. It's readable.  It's very easy to program and the indentation   is totally natural as far as I'm concerned  anyway. Sjoerd and Jack were the most active   in using Python. You find bugs, you find the  things that you want to extend and then telling   me about it because all they had to do was say,  "Hey, Guido." It was the first real interactive   systems programming language. So, you could just  sit and write and run it immediately without any   compilation. So, it was much more fun to use  than the old programming languages, but slower. I think it was mostly Jack's idea in  the end, while we all worked on it,
			- {{youtube-timestamp 523}} to make an open-source release. CWI allowed  Guido to distribute Python to the world as   long as its copyright notice was there. They  would have held back if they had known it   would be such an incredible success, which  is good that they didn't know. Nobody knew.   I didn't either. Because if they had held back,  it would never have become an incredible success. Then we had to actually physically do  the release which turned out to be an   incredible pain because Usenet was  the only thing we had to release it. Usenet was a network of, you could say, bulletin  boards. People would write messages. They would   get distributed over the world and then there  were the groups for all the different computer   languages. Usenet had a very strict limit on  the size of a single post. First put your entire   source tree in a tarball. Then compress it and you  have to do another step where you turn the binary
			- {{youtube-timestamp 592}} data into ASCII encoding. So you have this huge  file with gobblygook, but it's at least printable   gobblygook. And then you apply another tool that  snips it into pieces. Then there is a script where   if you have downloaded all 21 parts, you can  undo all those operations in reverse. That was   what people put up with. So we did all the work on  our side and plenty of people did all the work on   their side to unpack this because I had apparently  written a very good teaser about what this was. Very quickly I started getting feedback  via email or Usenet from people who had done   something exciting with it or who had  found a bug and that just kept coming. We worked at Johnson Space Center. So our interest  was putting together flight simulations and tools   for the design engineers that would be used  for the shuttle program at the time. I remember   needing a scripting language to control a C++  library project we were working on at the time.
			- {{youtube-timestamp 674}} Not too long into that search, I found Guido's  Python distribution at CWI. I was able to FTP   that down, unpack it, compile it, and run it in  a matter of 10 minutes or so. That was my first   impressive experience with Python. 20 years ago, a  computer that cost a million dollars and filled an   entire room had less capability than an 11 pounds  desktop computer today. With costs going down and   capabilities going up, the computer has entered  our lives quickly and unobtrusively. There were   lots of things changing in a major way that made  computing particularly exciting to be in. At that   time, computers suddenly were coming out of the  machine room and landing up on your desk. And   then of course the web happened. Then it all  exploded. After the internet came to Europe,   it was much easier for software to be distributed.  Python very slowly took off. Then there was
			- {{youtube-timestamp 737}} a growing Python community which was very  supportive like a big family you could almost say. Part of the benefit of this is that I don't..  I'm like, there's no strain on my body at all.   I was working on developing a kind of distributed  equipment database and a colleague at the lab,   Michael McLay, knew that I was looking for  what was called a scripting language that was   also sophisticated that would enable you to build  substantial things and not get bogged down in the   ragged edges. Scripting languages were designed  to glue things together, to connect things that   already worked, that already existed. Immediately  on trying it, I was just amazed and thought this   can't be as good as it is. And it was. Mike was  interested in bringing Guido over and Guido was   interested in coming over. 99% of the people that  I got in touch with were in the United States.
			- {{youtube-timestamp 806}} So Guido ended up coming and then Mike and Guido  and I wanted to arrange a workshop so people who   were interested in Python could gather and talk  about what they were working on and what they   felt was needed. This is the t-shirt for the first  conference. And so this yeah that that was just   sort of flowy writing and on the on the back it  gave the date of the conference. Spam, spam, spam,   spam. It's such a fantastic song. That workshop  really is for me the beginning of the Python   community. November 1994, Gaithersburg, Maryland  in this windowless government office building at   NIST. That was a great experience. It was about  two days. We had 20 people. I still have the   t-shirt from that workshop. There was just kind  of this feel of, hey, there's something happening.   This will be fun to hang out with the people  that I chat with online, to actually see Guido
			- {{youtube-timestamp 866}} in person and actually make decisions. And we knew  that if you impressed him with the feature and it   was an easy thing to install, he would add it to  the language right there so that we can at least   try it out in beta form. There was like a whole  room of people who knew what you were talking   about because they had all studied Python deeply  or almost all. One of the people was Barry Warsaw. Around 1994, I joined a company, CNRI,  Corporation for National Research Initiatives,   and we were building these software agents,  little programs that can move around to   different computers on a network, and they pickle  themselves up and move around to another place and   reconstitute themselves and do some more work.  A friend of mine from NIST sent me an email and   said, "Hey, we've got this guy coming over from  the Netherlands and he's going to talk about his
			- {{youtube-timestamp 922}} language. Do you want to come?" And so we went  to the workshop and just absolutely fell in love   with of course Python and of course Guido. Even  then, it had the feeling that there was a there   there was something that was going to happen  that there was potential. I remember coming   back to CNRI saying, "Oh, this is great. we're  going to use Python for sure in our project. And   one of our colleagues at CNRI said, "Well, what  do you think? Why don't we just hire Guido?" CNRI was set up to sort of promote information  infrastructure and foster research, help build   pilot projects, take the results and put  them out into the public so that others   could then leverage it. Part of CNRI's mission  was to cultivate internet based things. That's   why our name Corporation for National Research  Initiatives has the word "initiatives" in there. We had a need for a language that would be easier  for people to deal with than any other traditional
			- {{youtube-timestamp 1000}} languages that were around at the time. I ran  across a photograph. There was a party at CNRI,   years ago. It was probably I think 1996.  And it's it's a Guido. Yeah. I used to say   Guido. Many people say Guido, but I said Guido  and I'm sure I don't pronounce it right. Oh,   he was a very stylish person and he was a very  strong fellow. Got introduced to him and it just   seemed like it was a good fit and so I made the  job offer. For me, it was fantastic. There is no   doubt about that. One of the things he insists on  if you want to get him to work for you is that he   has some fraction of his time, preferably as much  as halftime if not more, to work on the language   itself. the fact that they could work full-time  on Python because it turned out that the Knowbots   project was almost more an excuse to to hire  me than I did much for that. I kind of feel
			- {{youtube-timestamp 1058}} like our work on Python was a little subversive.  You know, we tended to spend a lot more time on   Python than maybe we should have. I went to  CNRI and since I had been a systems person,   I was responsible for setting up python.org. We  should have also grabbed python.com even though   we didn't think of Python as a commercial  enterprise because someone else got it and   uh used it to host a stupid porn site. For years  we had to warn people go to python.org, not .com. It really was the perfect home, I think, for doing  all of that early Python development - and develop   a lot of the infrastructure around Python. We  had a meeting discussing making some kind of user   group or software organization where the Python  software activity was proposed. We need a little   bit of governance, a little bit of organization,  but we don't want too much because I don't think
			- {{youtube-timestamp 1115}} any of us really liked bureaucracy. And then the  question came up about what we should call Guido   as part of that. I think it was me who suggested  that Guido be called the Benevolent Dictator and   then Barry suggested Benevolent Dictator for Life  and that became an internet meme or actually a   software meme. Benevolent Dictator for Life was..  you can find it on Wikipedia. Ultimately, you   know, Guido was the inventor of the language and  the final decider about yes, this is going to make   it in or this is not going to make it in. I think  I developed my own style during those first years.   All ideas are welcome, but I will choose which  ideas I believe are right to add to the language.   There's dozens and dozens of aspects of  Python today where somebody had a vision for,   if you just add this to Python, look at  all these amazing things that I can do. [Music]
			- {{youtube-timestamp 1188}} I'm one of the many people that came to Python,  not as a programmer, but as a scientist. Python   wasn't the first language I used for science. I  was doing satellite data processing and I used   Perl to do it and then a year later I would come  back and try to figure out what I'd done and I   had no idea. Python had the opposite experience. I  first started using Python in 1997. I just used it   to do some scripting, do some data processing with  some medical imaging data and I was like this is   nice. This is pretty cool. A year later, so 1998,  I came back to look at the code I'd written and I   could read it. I understood what I did. And that  was kind of for me the convincing data that said,   "Oh, I need to dig in on this language."  And there were a few really key people at   that time who were publishing or talking about  how to use Python for science. Not very many,
			- {{youtube-timestamp 1232}} but a few. Konrad Hinsen was one of them, I  remember, and David Ascher and Jim Hugunin.   There's been a number of stages in the life  cycle of Python, when it just grew from a a core   language capability to a platform with a number of  different specialty modules and packages that made   it very very useful for certain user communities.  The first one was probably the numeric community,   the science and engineering folks that wanted  high performance matrix operations to be done.   Even though Guido wasn't a scientist himself,  wasn't necessarily deeply concerned with the   same things that we were concerned with as  scientists, he was open to the suggestions. I think one of the things that people don't  appreciate about the Python language as much   now that it's so popular and mainstream  is how important it was that Guido was   open to new ideas and open to the needs of  people who are not traditional programmers.
			- {{youtube-timestamp 1292}} I think he had a very clear-eyed quiet focus  on understanding some things about the future   that he built into the language. It was uniquely  suited to its environment. One of the reasons I   used Python and I think a lot of people used  Python at the time is that in the early 2000s,   the world was almost divided into here's an  open source ecosystem or you can go and use   Java which is actually a paid thing. I  was using MATLAB. I really didn't like   the fact that when I wrote code and I  wanted to share that code with others,   I was essentially telling people they had to go  buy a license for a software package before they   could even look at my or use my code. You  know, these are the days where you have to   like buy the developer tools or spend a couple  hundred bucks to get Visual Studio 6.0 and then   Python and then all of these libraries were open  source and then could be adapted, could be used
			- {{youtube-timestamp 1341}} in a commercial project. I was sort of early  on convinced by community members that Python   being open- source and the particular way it was  open source was very important so that people   would feel comfortable using Python to make great  things that they would then be able to to sell. In 1998, Blender was published on  the internet. The software was free and   then you could buy some things around it.  We were restricted to use open source. So,   you didn't have a lot of options. We were doing a  call on our website like what is the most popular   scripting language that we should add in Blender?  Perl was really big and Python was upcoming and   there were some others. And it was interesting  to see that everybody who was advising us to   use Perl as scripting language but they only  advertised how great Perl is. And the people   who came more from the Python background who  said well I think Python is a better choice.
			- {{youtube-timestamp 1418}} They came with a balanced opinion. And they  said okay Perl will give you this and this   and this and Python will give you other things  and balancing all of it I would recommend you to   do Python and only for that reason I picked  Python just because the people were nicer. It was honestly just a lot of enthusiasts. It was  a lot of people who just enjoyed the language,   enjoyed the people involved with the  language and it would just happen   to be typically motivating enough for  people to want to help out. Ultimately,   there's a sense of fun that comes across  and Guido coded that into the name of the   language influenced by Monty Python. It creates  a sense of community to have your little jokes. Tim Peters is a famous early example of blending  both like the aesthetics of Python and humor. Tim   Peters was this mythical feature.. creature in  the world of Python, and no one had met him. He
			- {{youtube-timestamp 1485}} was out there in the ether as a wise one to give  us advice on what to do with numerical processing.   Steve Majewski sent me some email telling me about  Python. So I started a email correspondence with   Guido about the language and about the design  and I got some of the pre-release code and played   with it and talked to him about design decisions  and liked it very much. Tim Peters was a Python   contributor and community member and mentor  to me from very early on. Tim was a channeler   of Guido. He had a really unique way of saying: I  think Guido's going to like this or I don't think   Guido is going to like that. There's a poem called  the Zen of Python which is a partially humorous,   partially serious poem about the the aesthetics of  of Python. I'm actually looking at the Usenet post   where Tim posted his first version of the Zen of  Python, although he called it the Way of Python.
			- {{youtube-timestamp 1547}} And it was in response to some discussion  where people were complaining that they   didn't understand what was Python's philosophy.  They couldn't figure me out. And Tim had figured   me out and he put it basically in poetry. Here  is the Way of Python by Tim Peters from 1999.   Beautiful is better than ugly. Duh. Explicit  is better than implicit. Simple is better than   complex. Complex is better than complicated. And I  love that distinction. Flat is better than nested.   Sparse is better than dense. Readability counts. I  will say it counts for a lot. Special cases aren't   special enough to break the rules. Although  practicality beats purity. Errors should never   pass silently unless explicitly silenced. In the  face of ambiguity, refuse the temptation to guess.   I did not follow that in a very key piece of NumPy  and it's still a mess. There should be one and
			- {{youtube-timestamp 1611}} preferably only one obvious way to do it. That's  a direct reference to Perl's motto of there's   more than one way to do it by the way. Although  that may not be obvious at first, unless you're   Dutch. Now is better than never. Although never is  often better than right now. If the implementation   is hard to explain, it's a bad idea. That's a  really good one. If the implementation is easy   to explain, it may be a good idea. Name spaces  are one honking great idea. Let's do more of   those. This is so Tim. Normally 'import this',  imports some useful library, which is very serious   business. Having an 'import this' that was just  a joke was a bit of lightness that we liked to   add. This is from a small hobbyist community,  right? Because if you're a corporate behemoth   making a a programming language, like someone's  probably going to tell you that you can't put a
			- {{youtube-timestamp 1667}} silly poem in your in your programming language,  but Python's just made by dogs on the internet,   so they can put poems in their software. [Music]  The different ways to make money on the internet   are just beginning to emerge. Entrepreneurs are  putting their faith in a new medium to deliver   the big payoff. It's the dot-com bubble, all  this money pumping into Silicon Valley software   and internet stuff. Early 2000, I decided to  leave CNRI and with a few co-workers joined   little startup named BeOpen. While CNRI, I think,  was an amazing home for Python in the early days,   everything changes and everything evolves and  thinking, well if we're going to strike out on our   own this is probably the right time to do that.  That didn't work out. I'd say within maybe a year   or something. BeOpen was completely incompetent.  We spent the summer in blissful ignorance working
			- {{youtube-timestamp 1725}} full-time on Python. We built and released Python  2 and within 5 months it was over. We were paid   our salaries every 2 weeks, and then suddenly in  late October we weren't. It was a moment   where the [ __ ] could have hit the fan. If all  the Python guys went their separate ways... Python   wasn't big enough to survive that at the time.  That was when I had a company Digital Creations   that later became Zope, which is an application  server, database server, index server, web server,   etc. Very large scale commercial quality  application written in Python. And if Python died,   you know who else would die? We'd die. The whole  platform was built on Python. So they were Python   experts. We need to go and make sure that Python  is secure for the future and that the team stays   together. So we negotiated an agreement with them  to join my company. That was an incredibly lucky
			- {{youtube-timestamp 1789}} rescue. We felt like we really trusted them  and we believed in what they were doing and   what they wanted to do with Python and for Python.  This is a place that I'm proud of. In hindsight,   it was a really critical point in Python's life.  I think if we had chosen wrong or tried to say,   "Oh, well, we'll just strike out on our  own anyway." You never know. But I'm not   so sure that Python would have survived  that juncture in its life. Yeah. Python just kept sort of growing and  the community kept self-organizing.   One of the I think underlying themes of Python,  if you take it in its totality, is this sense of   grassroots movements. Things grow from the bottom  up and evolve to the point where everybody sort of   realizes, oh, we need a little bit more structure.  Oh, the Python Software Foundation. In my opinion,   the PSF, that damn thing was a success from day  one. That came out of one of the concerns we had
			- {{youtube-timestamp 1870}} had with BeOpen actually. So CNRI had written  a license for Python and put its name on it and   BeOpen had copied a version of that license  and put the BeOpen name on it. There was a   concern that at some point I might accidentally  end up working for a company that tried to grab   ownership of Python. We realized that we really  need an organization that will be independent,   will not be beholden to any company and their  whims and their lawyers and will really keep   Python users as their first and foremost customer,  so to speak, in mind. And then the magic   happened when we got into PyCon, which is maybe  the third stool of the miracle of Python. What has been your take away from PyCon US this  year? It feels like people are still willing to   go do hard things, work on things together, you  know. Wow. They still do have the passion to be
			- {{youtube-timestamp 1949}} honest. So, what was it for you? Uh, for me most  definitely like meeting people I haven't met in   a while. That's cool. Yeah. And just pretty  much hanging out with them. You try to walk,   Yeah, to the other side. There's like 10  people that you want to see in between like   stop. I want to talk to you. Oh, I know. Pablo  and Yuri presented as bananas and then Lukasz   asked the question dressed as a banana.  And then Guido came in just as a banana   as well. Thank you for what you do for the  PSF. Please don't step down. Just keep doing   it forever. Raise your hand if you love the  web. Just raise your hand. Raise your hand   if you have done React front-ends. Raise your  hand if you would like to come back. To React? No, come back to Python. All right. Good. For  the record, 100%. I begged my mother to take   me to PyCon and I met all my online heroes. He  was this distant Benevolent Dictator for life
			- {{youtube-timestamp 2013}} who I'd been talking to over the internet, but  here he was in person and so I was thrilled to   be able to finally meet him. Then I  think everyone was aware that he was   a 15-year-old kid on the other end of the  terminal. When PyCon was held in Montreal,   the organizer asked me if I'd be willing to  give an opening address to the conference. Well,   I'm a slightly fast talker and I had some spare  time and I just used it as an opportunity to say   thank you. "I like to think of it as I came for  the language, but I stayed for the community. So,   I want to personally thank all of you for  making this such a wonderful place to be   and such a wonderful group of people to be  around. So, thank you". Luckily, it came   off well because people still quote it. I think  it kind of speaks to the core ethos of Python.   We try to develop this tool that people can use  for their needs to get their work done. But the
			- {{youtube-timestamp 2068}} community is the true strength of Python. It's  not just the language, right? It's the people. It was steadily growing every single  year. It was getting more and more downloads,   more and more people making use of it. It  became a more sophisticated language that was   fit for purpose for this new emerging programming  paradigm where the the web itself is the platform.   He told me an interesting number that that made me  realize that the Python user community was already   much bigger than I had estimated because  he said, "Guido, you don't know the sales   numbers for Python books, but I am Tim O'Reilly.  I published the two most important ones and I do   know the sales numbers and they are fantastic."  I don't know if he had that much enthusiasm in   his voice then, but he was sharing this new  to me important fact which made me realize,   oh my gosh! Python tends to get spikes when  certain specialties, I guess you could say,
			- {{youtube-timestamp 2138}} pick the language up and decide that this is  a thing that they want to use in their area.   Everybody wanted to to do things with the  worldwide web and Python actually became   a really powerful platform for for doing not  just web pages but web servers and services and   suddenly we had an increase of people coming in  from the web world. I think Dropbox was   one of the early companies to start building  in Python and reaching millions of users.   My name's Drew and I'll be showing you a quick  tour of Dropbox, which is a new way to store and   share files online. Python had been largely viewed  as scripting language you run on the back end or   maybe in an academic setting or in a scientific  setting, but not really for like production   desktop software that you ship to millions of  people. But I just started writing in Python   and hoping that none of the roadblocks would  completely blow me up. You can develop programs
			- {{youtube-timestamp 2198}} much faster in Python because it's a higher level  language and it's a very clean easy language and   so we could we could be a lot more competitive  than other companies who were writing with Java   or C++ or Perl. Even back then we were competing  against the Google's and Microsofts of the world   and you know our odds didn't seem very good. So  we needed all the help we can get. Google had this   big team like a hundred people, C++ programmers,  trying to do a video hosting site and they could   never keep up with this little thing over there  called YouTube and they went and looked and it was   just a couple of people writing Python. Python  ended up being a big force multiplier on our   effort and no other language that we considered  had anything close to that kind of capability. The fact that data science suddenly  became a thing that you had to do,   combined with the fact that Python was sort  of well positioned to do data science stuff
			- {{youtube-timestamp 2259}} meant a huge amount of new Python users flowed in. What was starting to happen in the 2009-2010  time frame, we were seeing more and more of   our consulting deals tied to using Python not as  really a replacement for MATLAB or engineering   type things, but using Python for doing data  processing. We didn't call it data science at the   time, but it was that kind of work, right? It was  modeling, predictive analytics, things like that.   This is the time of Hadoop, the time of big data,  the time of Spark, and people were doing Java at   scale. We were starting to do much more consulting  work in the financial industry and we'd walk into   these large very well-capitalized firms and they  were using Python to do business data processing.   I realized okay if it's a research group over  here doing some science research and they don't   have money and they use an open source thing  I get it but if you have JP Morgan right which
			- {{youtube-timestamp 2318}} has a lot of money and they're picking up and  using these scientific tools and they're loving   it. I realized that we didn't just have a cheap  free alternative. We actually had something that   was innovative and that was doing something fairly  unique. Peter and I ended up leaving Enthought and   starting another company. We started as Continuum  Analytics actually and its vision was to scale   NumPy and Pandas to large data sets and large  clusters. We quickly ran into a simple problem,   very quickly in, but a very annoying problem.  Yes. people just couldn't even install the   software needed to run all this Python stuff. The  thing about the Python scientific and data stack   is that all of these different libraries, they're  very different than the web development libraries   because these data libraries are often backed  by a very large amount of complex C++, Fortran,
			- {{youtube-timestamp 2368}} other kinds of software modules. And to build  those correctly takes some work. To build them   correctly on every operating system takes even  more work. And then to build them so that they   can actually be connected together, that requires  you to have this entire build system rationalized.   And so the very first thing we did was like make  a distribution of Python to make it easy to get   that installed. A lot of the data science Python  people, they didn't even use normal Python. They   used this Anaconda Python distribution. Sort of  a dumb joke that I came up with at one point.   It was basically Python for big data. So it's a  big snake. So Anaconda. After like a few years,   we kept going to conferences and going  to places and people wouldn't know who we   were. But the instant that we mentioned that  we make Anaconda, they would say, "Oh, yeah,   of course. I love Anaconda. I use it all the  time." Right? So, after that happened like the
			- {{youtube-timestamp 2414}} thousandth time, we said, "Okay, maybe we should  rename the company Anaconda." Data engineering   became a discipline where Python was incredibly  entrenched. It was Python and R. And over time,   Python's data analysis libraries caught up and  plotting libraries and stuff started to catch up   to what R had. And then people realized, oh well,  with Python, I can work end to end with my data   versus R being very good at data analysis, but  not necessarily like the data collection stage   and various other stages. I remember going to  a Python conference at one point. I was like,   there's so many sciency people here like where  are all the web developers? This is all data data   pipelines and stuff. I don't want to be immodest  about this because it was a collective effort for   the whole community, but I think that what we  did at Anaconda, not only making the software
			- {{youtube-timestamp 2459}} installer that made it one click for people to  just run, but also shephering the conferences   and building that community and and whatnot  was really critical. They were incredibly   important contributions. I think we actually made  Python super popular. I I think we did. [Music]   Well, I remember hearing from a friend of  mine that Guido van Rossum was just working   at Google. And that when I thought about  it, I'm like, wait, yeah, Guido, I guess,   works at a normal company and I can't remember  the exact circumstances, but I think either   I got an introduction to him or I just maybe I  think maybe just send him an email saying, "Hey,   um, big fan of your work." you know, it's like fan  mail basically. And he responded and we got lunch.   I mean, he's a hero of mine and he was totally  friendly and approachable. And at that talk,   it was revealed that Dropbox was entirely written  in Python, both the client and the server,
			- {{youtube-timestamp 2524}} and that was exciting. He was interested in  what we were doing with Python. And I think   we were stretching the language and the runtime in  interesting ways. He approached me again and said,   "Hey, we would really like you to work for us."  And then to my surprise and delight, he ended up   joining the Dropbox team, which was super exciting  for all of us. I stayed there for 7 years. We did   more important stuff for Python than I did during  7 years at Google I think. I think he had a big   impact on the rest of the team. You know, here's  someone who's one of the icons of computing,   but you would never know it just from his, you  know, how he badges in to the office every day   and I think set a really great example in terms  of being super humble and curious and friendly.   You know, it's hard for me to think of someone  who has had more impact with lower ego. Uh,
			- {{youtube-timestamp 2580}} let's start with the first Python license  plate. Sorry, that was my car when we lived in   Virginia. And there was a box on the application  - sorry, just grabbing the other one, too - uh,   do you want a custom license plate? So, I managed  to get Python in Virginia and in California,   Python was long taken. Like someone in Silicon  Valley probably has a Python license plate   somewhere. So, the best I could get was PY3K,  which I thought was pretty pretty cute anyway. It became ever more popular and people  started thinking about flaws in the   language. There were a lot of ideas floating  around the core development community,   changes you could make to the language that  people thought would be major improvements.   The only problem with them was that they would  break old Python code that currently existed.   Some of that probably got away  from us a little bit in hindsight.
			- {{youtube-timestamp 2646}} We released Python 3.0 in December of  2007. I remember because I was actually   interning under Guido at the time. We were  giving people roughly 5 years, I think,   to do the transition. And everyone thought  that was just extraordinarily generous. The   world would totally be on Python 3 in just a few  years. This is best for the language long term.   We're going to make these changes. The community  has always come along with us. We think they'll   come along this journey as well. We were very  naive about that and they they made us know it. The community said, "No, not worth  it. Kill it. Don't do it. It's not   going to work." This included some very  notable individuals in the community. So, please welcome our next speaker. Hi, my name is Armin. You might be familiar with  some of the Python libraries that I wrote and   you might even maybe use some of them. The  Python 2 to Python 3 transition. Initially,
			- {{youtube-timestamp 2719}} it happened very gradually over many years. There  was the version that everybody used and there was   sort of the version on the side that was built  that nobody used. People didn't want to put in the   effort because their code worked, you know, why  rewrite it. It's very hard to mix Python 2 and 3. It's uh it's a it's a headache.  So I just didn't move and a lot   of people didn't move. It felt there's a  likelihood that it will not go anywhere.   It felt much more like a top-down decision than  any of the things in the past. And that top- down   decision, I think for some people felt like it  was not inclusive of the real pains of people who   had a long tale of use cases. I think I severely  underestimated how successful Python already was.   How many people had written so much code in  Python 2 that it would be hard for them to   sort of put the effort into translate to Python  3. I thought the most controversial thing by far
			- {{youtube-timestamp 2783}} was that we wanted to change the way Unicode  was handled. A way to say these things are   strings and they're human consumable. They're  words that people want to read and write and   these things are bytes. These are things  that computers want to read and write. We basically made all strings Unicode and we made  you use a new prefix 'b' for bytes. And this was   incredibly disturbing. I was implementing  a WSGI library at the time and one of the   things that you do when you implement WSGI,  is that you have to parse HTTP data. You have   to parse cookie data. And there there was  always a mixture of bytes and Unicode. And   it was very easy to work with on Python 2. And  it was incredibly annoying to work on Python 3,   at least initially. There really wasn't  a way to convert your Python 2 code to   Python 3. The tools didn't exist. I  started writing blog posts about it.
			- {{youtube-timestamp 2834}} Why I think that in the way which Python 3  works right now, I just cannot see the move. He was a valued community member. And at  the time I was actually quite surprised   that he was so viciously attacking Python  3. I was probably even more negative on it   than appropriate. But Python had such a good  run and I put so much energy into it. I was   part of like building out web frameworks  and and all these libraries. I felt like:   why are we ruining all of this with this move  that didn't even have that many benefits.   I had not appreciated how many people already  had enormous code bases or were on their way   to building up enormous code bases. The payback  for that was that I had to initiate the project   at Dropbox. We had a pretty long road to migrate  many millions of lines of Python 2 code. 5 million   lines of code in the server alone and another  million for the client. That is a very large
			- {{youtube-timestamp 2908}} pile of code to transform. And so we had to  invent ways of sort of doing it in in pieces. [Laughter]   A funny sticker I found in my pocket.  There's a built tool called Bazel.   It's sort of a frozen version of  Python 2. So here the sticker says   after re-education enemy of the people  Python denounced their bourgeois class,   renounced formalist notions like Turing  incompleteness and began a new life as   citizen Starlark. This is especially an  example of Benjamin Peterson's humor.   I had the fortune or the misfortune depending how  you see it to be the uh Python 2.7 release manager   for an entire decade. We had to adjust our plans  for Python 3 and for Python 2 so that there was   a longer series of releases where there were both  new Python 2 versions and new Python 3 versions.   What ended up happening is then the community was  like maintaining 2 and 3 and that created a lot
			- {{youtube-timestamp 2993}} of burden. And so this was happening all during  the growth of NumPy. We made it work for Python   2 and then I think Python 3.1 I think or 3.2,  we also made it work there but saw no adoption. We knew it was going to take a long time.  Uh we knew it was going to be painful but   there is light at the end of the tunnel. The  community contributed stuff like lib2to3 and   other migration tools came out. Benjamin Peterson  wrote Six that really helped that transition. The   language itself became a little more backwards  compatible. I eventually advocated to bring   back the 'u' prefix on the strings and that  actually made it easier to write unified code   bases that target both Python 2 and Python  3. There was a point in time where we made   a very strong declaration, there will never  be a Python 2.8 and Python 3 is the future. Python 3 just is a better language and it  is getting better over time. Python 2 on
			- {{youtube-timestamp 3060}} the other hand is a fine language and it will  remain exactly what it is. For a long time,   there was a lot of measurement of how much  Python 2 usage is there, how much Python 3   usage is there. I think it was when Python was in  Portland, was roughly when we started to see like   50/50. Once 3.4 came out, it actually added some  features that were interesting to people like, oh,   I want that capability. So, to me, Python 3.4 was  really Python 3.0. And then 3.5 was an even bigger   milestone. That was the one that got widespread  adoption of Python 3. And by the time Python 3.5   came out, then it was clear that Python 3 would  work. And then you started to have companies come   out and give talks like Instagram's talk, which  I believe is also at Portland, was a big deal. Yes, you heard it right. Instagram has been  running fully on Python 3 for a few months.
			- {{youtube-timestamp 3114}} The whole process took I would say about 9 to  10 months. And I think Instagram was the largest   production deployment for Python at the time. She  gave a very good, very thorough talk explaining   why they did it. Two main things: typing and  asyncio. How they did it. We cleaned out all   the libraries that are not making the migration  from Python 2 to 3. How you should do it. Unit   test. What they had learned during the process. We  had actually some good performance gains as well,   after our migration. It felt as vindication  that at least there were large companies that   took the time to do it right and to convert all  their code to Python 3 and were able to do it   successfully. It was definitely well received.  We got a lot of people saying: we really wanted   to migrate as well, but we weren't getting the  kind of support that my team or my company was   giving us. And now I can bring this back to  my management. And that really gave people
			- {{youtube-timestamp 3172}} the confidence in migrating to Python 3. It became  like a look, Instagram can do it. Why don't you   do it? Instagram's getting benefits, new features,  faster code. Why don't you also want that benefit? Projects undergo things like this. And Python  learned a lot from it and it did actually   eventually end up with Python 3 being in a pretty  good spot again that it was safe to use. And safe   to use sounds weird but like where I felt like I  can actually start new projects on Python 3 now   because we're back to a stable situation where  you're about as productive as I felt like I was   with Python 2. Hi, Anna, nice to meet you. I  really liked your talk. But it was basically   time that healed it. When Python 2.7 was declared  that there wouldn't be any more security fixes,   it became a security concern. That was sort  of the final push. People who donated their
			- {{youtube-timestamp 3236}} work to do this migration in the wider Python  world and community eventually got the world   running on Python 3, but as I said like it  was a decade long process. And I don't think   anybody anticipated how much work it would be  to move to Python 3. I think Python's probably   too big to ever go through a transition like that  today. The community was maybe a little too big,   but not too big. I even still get angry  messages sometimes from people who are like,   "My code needs Python 2.7. You need to  provide it." And I tell them, "No." I   never wavered in my commitment to Python 3. It  was a lesson learned for sure. For a long time,   I regularly joked there would be a Python 4, but  the transition would be handled much better than   the transition to Python 3. I felt I owed that  to the community. And now, the mantra has changed   to there will never be even a Python 4. To be  honest, I don't know how many people in Python
			- {{youtube-timestamp 3296}} even know about the whole transition because  that all ended in 2020. At least it's behind us. Okay, so now we get in the closet. So there's  the frisbee. This is the most unique merch I've   ever seen related to Python. Now, here's  a significant t-shirt. It says, "Python is   for girls." I received this anonymously  in the mail at Google. And to this day,   I don't know exactly what the intention of the  sender was. They never revealed themselves,   at least not to me. And I don't know if  there was an intention even.. But I sort   of realized at that point that there wasn't a  whole lot of women in the the Python community   and the community also discovered that  and fixed it for the Python conference. This idea of being a place where people from  a wide range of backgrounds can learn how to   program, benefit from programming, find community.  There really was some snowballing adoption of
			- {{youtube-timestamp 3386}} these ideas across languages at the time. Jessica  McKellar looks at the speakers at PyCon and says,   "There's only 3% that are women. What can we  do about this?" She was co-organizer of the   biggest Python meetup in the world in Boston.  She knew what she was talking about. It's not   rocket science. It's like, ask people if they're  interested in speaking and we just.. providing   like a little bit of support drove a huge shift in  the volume and demographics of the talks that were   submitted. And then 3 years later, like 35% of  the speakers are women. I forget what the number   was but I think it was almost even with male  speakers. PyCon... I had an old tweet about this,   so I just pulled this up. Says, "Hello from your  PyCon Diversity Chair." So, the percentage of   PyCon talks by women: 2011 was 1%, 2012, it was  7%, 2013, 15%, 2014 and 2015, 33%. And in 2016,
			- {{youtube-timestamp 3451}} 40%. Problems have solutions. That was a very  inspiring story to me also. Something that was   less inspiring to me was that at the language  summit there wasn't a single woman in the room,   and I don't believe we have a single female  committer to core Python. There wasn't ever   ill intent but unfortunately we fell into  the trap of not doing enough diversity   reach out to try to get more people to  come in. To be honest it was a lot of   white men. So Guido wanted to change that.  I want at least two female core Python devs   in the next year and I will try to train  them myself if that's what it takes. So   come talk to me. I believe one of the first  people who took up that call was Mariatta. Even though I've always been  passionate about technology and programming,   I also felt it wasn't a welcoming environment for  women. My schoolmates who took computer science
			- {{youtube-timestamp 3529}} are mostly men. Most of the professors were men  and at work most of my co-workers were men and I   just didn't really have examples or role models  of women being successful in the tech industry. One of my co-workers went to PyCon. He  saw that at that conference there is   this community called PyLadies and  I felt like.. I want to meet them. So in 2015, that's when I decided I  want to go to PyCon. At this conference,   I got to see a lot of women speaking and  presenting. At my previous tech conference,   all speakers were men, all the keynote speakers  were men. So this was really different. One of the keynote speakers at that same  conference was Guido van Rossum. Hello   everybody. Glad to see you all. I want to meet  and see the creator of the Python programming   language. "And I will try to train them  myself if that's what it takes". I heard   this speech. However, at that time, I  just didn't think that it's something
			- {{youtube-timestamp 3616}} I could do. I wasn't even contributing to  the Python community. I didn't contribute   to open source at all. I just thought  I'm sure they will find women next year. The year after I went back to PyCon US and Guido  van Rossum gave another keynote. We still don't   have two female core developers. I think at  that time that's something really clicked in me,   like I realized that there's something  within me that says: if nobody's doing it,   I will do it. I wrote to Guido van  Rossum and I asked him for help.   Somehow I felt really scared. I just didn't  feel like I deserved mentorship from Guido   van Rossum. So I really hesitated to send this  email to him. But in the end, I realized that I   want to try. Like I felt like this was a great  opportunity for me. I pressed the send button. I got a reply. He was very friendly. He started  sharing resources about, you know, how to get
			- {{youtube-timestamp 3693}} started contributing to Python. He offered to  do video chats. It's been really helpful to have   his moral support. We had a pretty sort of deep  mentorship relationship for a few years. Mariatta   learned the process from Guido and continued to  contribute more and more very much around tooling,   like she really found her niche in terms of trying  to help make our development process easier.   It was scary at first, like I just didn't feel  comfortable sharing my questions in public. I   didn't want people to know that I don't  know how to do certain things, you know,   like I didn't want people to see that I'm actually  not that good. But this is how it it works in open   source. And the community has always been kind  and helped me with my questions without saying   that you're stupid. Like I never felt like I was  being judged. I think it does start with Guido.
			- {{youtube-timestamp 3761}} The fact that Guido was very active in bringing  more voices into Python absolutely made Python   better and stronger. Just the way the whole  community works and what we stand for,   thanks to Guido's leadership, is where I want to  be. And I think that's true for a lot of people. About six, seven months after I  started reaching out to Guido,   I was recommended to become a Python  core developer. It really wasn't until   4 months ago that for the first  time ever. There's a woman... There's a woman who became a Python core developer  and earned that commit privilege. The first woman   ever to join our team and has continued to be  there and participate and try to help us and   always a very good advocate to try to improve  our diversity. Now that I've seen the camera,   I can't do it. My life really changed after  that. A lot of opportunities opened up just
			- {{youtube-timestamp 3839}} because I'm a Python core developer. Hi, how are  you? Mariatta went on to give her own set   of talks about how important mentorship is. When  you don't have role models who you can relate to,   you start believing that you cannot do it. Thank  you. Hi everybody. Uh my name is Mariatta. I'm   a PyLady. I run PyLadies Vancouver. I also  help with the PyLadies con. 10 years ago,   I was also in this room for the  Pyladies luncheon at PyCon US 2015.   It was a life-changing event for me. It was at  that event that I felt for the first time in   my life as a developer, I felt like I belong in  tech because I see 100 women in the room with me.   I just want other women to have role models.  I hope I can help inspire them and help them.   These opportunities belong to you, too. You're  all the reason I do this because I know there's   still a lot to do and I know together we can  help each other and support each other. Okay,
			- {{youtube-timestamp 3923}} I think that's it. Thank you so much everybody.  [Applause] I have been so consistently impressed   by the Python community's ability to have  respectful and and real reflection and   dialogue about how to steward itself and how to  move it forward in a way that I find so inspiring   and a vision of what is possible in other  communities. And I mean that really sincerely. There were an ever growing number of sort of  scientific disciplines where all the code was   written in Python or a lot of it was prototyped  in Python at least. And then the next step was   machine learning packages which started with  TensorFlow and was later followed by PyTorch.   For a long time, Python was seen sort of as  a scripting language that you would just do   small things that you need to automate and not  production ready code and so it wasn't given a   ton of attention. And then now AI/ML has sort of  changed things where it is now a business driver.
			- {{youtube-timestamp 4008}} It appeals to people who are not professional  programmers but need software to do a task.   There are some other languages like Rm you can do  some interesting stuff in but Python is really it   for a AI/ML these days. Python has probably  like centuries of engineering time that has   gone into code in the ecosystem specifically  on those topics. So if you're using Python,   you're able to instantly tap into those libraries.  Meta has PyTorch, which has a amazing Python API   and front-end people can interact with. There's  also SciPy, NumPy, Numba, Pandas. There's a   whole suite of really extensive tools. Trying to  build a language and a language ecosystem that   is amendable to all of that is non-trivial.  That actually took real design, real thought,   and real ecosystem collective innovation over the  course of decades. The back-end of those tools are
			- {{youtube-timestamp 4066}} usually C or Fortran or some other native language  that's much faster, but would be difficult for   someone with an AI background to program in. And  it continues to be used for all that by all the   AI scientists, developing the models, and  the people training the models, people   using the models. And that brings yet another  increment of of growth to the Python community. Python's a fantastic language  even if you're not a scientist. I just   don't think it would have risen to the level  of dramatic usage without the science first   data science and machine learning story. We  had a massive impact in the world. You know,   I think one testament to the future of Python  is, if you prompt any of the LLMs to do code   generation today. If it's front-end, it's going  to be JavaScript. If it's back-end data analysis,   it's going to be Python. That's  the future. And Python is a part
			- {{youtube-timestamp 4129}} of that future. Lucky me that I that I chose  that language and not not a different one. Hey, Jacob. Oh, hello, morning. Hope you don't  mind being filmed. Yeah. Ah, okay. Ida's following   me. All right. Yeah, she's shooting some b-roll  for the documentary, I think. Ah, nice. I first   used Python in 1997 or something like that.  Wow, that's really early days. So, it's got   30 frames of animation. Oh, wow. I told everyone  that he would hate getting the DSA, but they did   it anyway. Yeah. Sorry, the DSA? Distinguished  Service Award. I labeled him in the annual report   as like a leader in the Python community once and  he made me take it out. Yeah, we can see that. But   nevertheless, he was on the steering council for  five years. Uhhuh. And he was a leader. I got a   job from a Python conference back in 2017. I grew  up in India. I moved to Germany, changed my life.
			- {{youtube-timestamp 4189}} So I think Python changed a lot of things for me  and I just wanted to say thanks to you for for   making this language. That's very sweet. Yeah. Do  you mind if I uh take a picture with you or that   you don't like it? I'm so sorry. I really don't  like it and especially not in busy places. Okay,   no problem. I get it. Okay. Find me in a dark  alley and I'll do it. Okay. Okay. I get it.   Ah, I always kind of looked at myself as the  bass player of Python, which is great. You know,   you can do a lot, you can have fun, and the  spotlight's not on you. And I love that. I can't   imagine having that kind of spotlight on you,  you know, for so many years. I heard a story from   an Apple VP of engineering, that Steve Jobs had  turned down their hire of Guido because he said,   he has his own following and we don't  want to have that kind of distraction. Python has always been a language that changed.  We've never been one of those languages that says
			- {{youtube-timestamp 4254}} if you write code against this version of Python,  it will run forever with any new version of the   language. We just simply have never been those  people. A PEP is an acronym for Python Enhancement   Proposal. That's a document that's written  by someone who wants to make a significant   change to Python. Basically, you're trying to  convince people that this is a good idea. It   would be sent for discussion for a mailing  list and then eventually Guido as the BDFL,   the Benevolent Dictator for Life, would decide  whether your change was going in or not. But   people always have worried that the next change  is going to be the one that changes the feel of   the language. It won't fit my brain anymore or it  won't be accessible anymore. I've actually seen   people storm out of rooms saying, "You're ruining  this language." Some people take it very, very   personally and seriously. And the Walrus operator  was no different. Yeah so, PEP 572, I don't know
			- {{youtube-timestamp 4320}} who coined the term the Walrus Operator, but  if you kind of turn your head, it looks like   a little walrus. It was a new feature that was  proposed, but it was also a syntax change. The   Walrus operator lets you do assignments, meaning  put values into variables in places that you   previously could not. That was probably the most  contentious language change, oddly enough, because   it's kind of a minor thing, but it it there was so  much passionate feeling about whether that should   be added or not that it created kind of a bit of a  of a ruckus. When I first saw the Walrus Operator,   I didn't like it. It kind of felt a little  un-Pythonic to me, but then I started to play   with it. There was a particular use case that  I came up with in my own code that I was like,   "Oh, you know what? This is actually pretty  cool". And so then I was like, well, I it's
			- {{youtube-timestamp 4373}} something that I won't use very often, but when I  need it, it's really great to have. And I turned,   you know, 180° and became a fan of it. But it was  very disruptive. Language features and   especially syntax can be a double-edged sword. So  one person's succinct, elegant code can be another   person's unreadable puzzle or a fusticated mess.  There were very strongly voiced predictions about   how bad it would be for Python. And then just  because Python was so much more popular at the   time, there are so many places where people talk  about Python. I mean Twitter, you know, at the   time. This is all happening in public, right? And  everyone can kind of with low effort throw their   hat into the ring and not everyone is going  to restrain themselves when they're doing it. I started being more and more convinced  that PEP 572 was actually the right thing   to do. I was the BDFL and I accepted  the PEP. And the next morning I woke up
			- {{youtube-timestamp 4444}} and I felt miserable because of all the attacks  that had happened before.   I sat down at my computer, wrote a short email,  and hit send wherein I announced that I resigned   at BDFL. And that had an incredible impact  because nobody had expected I would resign   and certainly not that I would rage quit  over this issue, which essentially it was. [Music]   Transfer of power. Now that PEP 572  is done, I don't ever want to have to   fight so hard for a PEP and find that  so many people despise my decisions.   I would like to remove myself entirely from  the decision process. I'm basically giving   myself a permanent vacation from being BDFL  and you all will be on your own. I am not   going to appoint a successor. So what are you  all going to do? Create a democracy, anarchy,   a dictatorship, a federation? I'll still be  here, but I'm trying to let you all figure   something out for yourselves. I'm tired  and I need a very long break. That was it.
			- {{youtube-timestamp 4540}} Haven't read that.. That was I thought that  was pretty well written. I like to say he mic   dropped his way out. You know, he just was like,  I'm out. I'm done. You guys figure it out. So,   it was a complete and total shock to me.  Yeah. I just felt really sad about it. I   wish he would have retired under better  circumstances. I felt I needed to take a   step back to sort of recover myself. I think a  lot of people really felt for Guido, you know,   that he could be pushed to that point like  maybe we let him down to allow the vitriol   over this change to Python to push, you know,  somebody that we cared about to that point. We all perceived that it was like a a momentous  occasion or like a significant change that   you would put a mark in your timeline in the  history book in the history of Python, right?   Because it had been run on the BDFL model for its  entire existence. So there was a little bit of
			- {{youtube-timestamp 4612}} uncertainty like, can this work at all without  got Guido? It's kind of a parent saying, it's   time for you to grow up and figure it out on your  own. I'm not going to solve this problem for you. The first order of business was deciding on  how to decide. And it turns out some people   have very strong opinions on voting systems.  Programmers love arguing about voting methods.   I remember thinking this isn't going to work. Lot  of strong voices. It's really difficult when you   have hundreds of core developers and thousands  of people online and millions of people in the   community and probably billions of dollars of  software that run on Python. You can't think   about that cuz it definitely gets overwhelming.  I will fully admit it was stressful. I had to go   to an ear, nose, and throat specialist because I  actually was starting to choke on my own throat   from the stress. It was not fun because if we  couldn't decide on how we were going to decide,
			- {{youtube-timestamp 4672}} the project was done. We really approached it  like the nerdy engineers we are. In Python classic   fashion, we wrote a bunch of peps. We didn't want  to rush it because we knew we were going to have   to live with this potentially forever. But we also  realized the world was watching and did not like   the idea of not knowing whether this language was  going to be around in a year or not, because we   couldn't stop bickering among ourselves about how  to run ourselves. People sponsored different kinds   of models. I think there was one which was like,  let's pick another BDFL because that's what we   feel comfortable with. And then there was various  kinds of committees and councils and we ended up   settling on the five person steering committee.  Good morning PyCon! Thanks so much for joining   us. So, welcome to our panel with the Python  steering council. Because there's five people,
			- {{youtube-timestamp 4720}} you don't have the same problem of like all  the stress and responsibility of making these   decisions falling on one person. I actually  felt that it made sense for me to be on that   first steering council given that there was  no longer feeling so burned out or attacked,   to provide some amount of continuity. "You know  how this goes when your kid goes off to college.   Some of you may have experience with that. you're  no longer directly involved in their lives maybe,   but you never stop worrying. And that's how  I feel about Python at the moment. And that's   why I [Applause] why I nominated myself  for the steering committee and here I am".   There were elections for the second year steering  council and at first I nominated myself and then   withdrew because there were enough other strong  candidates. They didn't need me and I was happy to   uh to sort of let go of it. The legitimacy  that came from the replacement springing up from
			- {{youtube-timestamp 4796}} the community is essential to it being accepted.  It came from us, so it's accepted by us. It works.   I think it works for us now. There may be a time  in the future where it doesn't work or pieces of   it don't work. You have to be willing to evolve.  Change is the one universal constant of the   universe. And so things will always change and you  have to be ready and willing to adapt to change. It started out as a hobby project. Definitely.  I think I probably wanted to prove something   to myself more than anything. It exceeded my  wildest expectations and it actually continues   to do so. I constantly hear from people whose  lives were completely changed by Python and it   has created this incredible community which was  also a complete sort of bonus over everything   else I had anticipated. This community that  has like a massive conference every year and
			- {{youtube-timestamp 4876}} smaller conferences in every continent I think  except Antarctica. There was one of the Python   conferences where there was a few thousand people  in the audience. I remember just looking around   and going, this is mind-blowing. That's the  point at which I knew we had achieved something   important, something that made a difference in  people's lives and in the world. Python turned out   to be much more successful than perhaps any of us  thought except maybe Guido and his team. I think   they always believed that this was the future.  And of course, it's now one of the most popular,   if not the most popular programming language  in the world. He spent two weeks in Christmas,   in like 1989, writing a programming language  because he thought it would be fun. Like who   would have imagined that that would be such a life  altering and also world altering thing to have
			- {{youtube-timestamp 4936}} done. I think it's been great for the world. I  think it's made people feel like they can get into   programming when they never thought they could.  I think it made programming accessible to people.   It's literally part of kindergarten through grade  12 education around the world. And is on Mars   thanks to being used as a scripting language to  process the parachute of the Perseverance rover   landing. Like it's hard to think of anything  that hasn't been touched by some Python code   somewhere. It's mind boggling. It's an important  language. It's a popular language. It's a vibrant   and relevant language today as much as it was in  the past and I believe as much as it will be in   the future. Programmers 30 years from now will  be like, "Oh yeah, you know, I I'm still using   Python." Just like today, people are still using  Fortran and C and C++ and those are old languages
			- {{youtube-timestamp 4989}} you know too in the scheme of things. Scheme  - Lisp another old language. So yeah. Now I keep thinking of like weird  jokes. There's this library in   Python called Pickles because pickle is a  funny word I guess. The documentation used   to have a footnote about how you should  imagine Guido and Jim sniffing pickles.