pages/uv___tool___install.md, before:

tags:: [[uv]], [[Python]], [[Package Management]], [[Diataxis/Reference]]

- # `uv tool install` Reference
	- ## Overview
		- `uv tool install` is a command that installs command-line tools provided by Python packages in isolated environments.
		- It creates persistent installations of Python tools that are available on your PATH, similar to `pipx`.
		- Unlike `uv pip install`, tools installed with `uv tool install` are isolated from your current environment.
	- ## Structure
		- The command follows the format: `uv tool install [OPTIONS] <PACKAGE>`
		- The package can be specified with version constraints or from alternative sources.
	- ## Core Components
		- ### Basic Usage
			- `uv tool install <PACKAGE>`: Installs all executables provided by the specified package.
			- Example: `uv tool install ruff`
		- ### Key Options
			- #### `--force`
				- Forces installation of the tool, even if it's already installed.
				- Useful for reinstalling or updating tools to the latest version.
			- #### `--python <PYTHON>`
				- Specifies the Python interpreter to use to build the tool environment.
				- Can be a path to a Python executable or a version identifier.
			- #### `--with <WITH>`
				- Includes additional packages as dependencies.
				- Example: `uv tool install mkdocs --with mkdocs-material`
			- #### `--editable` or `-e`
				- Installs the target package in editable mode.
				- Changes in the package's source directory are reflected without reinstallation.
	- ## Technical Details
		- ### Tool Environments
			- Tools are installed in isolated virtual environments.
			- Each tool gets its own environment to prevent dependency conflicts.
			- Executables are placed in a `bin` directory that's added to your PATH.
		- ### Version Specification
			- Package versions can be specified using standard version specifiers.
			- Example: `uv tool install 'httpie>0.1.0'`
			- Use `@latest` to explicitly request the latest version.
		- ### Package Sources
			- Tools can be installed from PyPI (default) or alternative sources:
				- Git repositories: `uv tool install git+https://github.com/example/repo`
				- Local directories: `uv tool install /path/to/package`
	- ## Example from [[aider/Installation]]
		- `uv tool install --force --python python3.12 aider-chat@latest`
			- ### What this does:
				- Installs the latest version of the `aider-chat` package (an AI pair programming tool).
				- `--force`: Reinstalls the tool even if it's already installed.
				- `--python python3.12`: Uses Python 3.12 specifically for the tool's environment.
				- `@latest`: Explicitly requests the latest version of the package.
				- This creates an isolated environment with Python 3.12 for aider, making the `aider` command available in your terminal.
	- ## Related References
		- `uv tool run` (or `uvx`): For running tools without installing them.
		- `uv tool list`: For listing installed tools.
		- `uv tool uninstall`: For removing installed tools.

Commit message:

Enhance uv tool documentation with new pages and references
- Add new page for `uv tool run` with basic usage examples
- Expand `uv tool` reference page with comprehensive details about tool management
- Update `uv tool install` page with additional links and formatting
- Improve cross-referencing between uv tool-related pages

pages/uv___tool___install.md, after:

tags:: [[uv]], [[Python]], [[Package Management]], [[Diataxis/Reference]]
alias:: [[uv/tool/install/Ref]], [[uv tool install]]

- # `uv tool install` Reference
	- adapted from [Using tools | uv](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/guides/tools/)
	- ## Overview
		- `uv tool install` is a command that installs command-line tools provided by Python packages in isolated environments.
		- It creates persistent installations of Python tools that are available on your PATH, similar to [[pipx]].
		- Unlike `uv pip install`, tools installed with `uv tool install` are isolated from your current environment.
	- ## Structure
		- The command follows the format: `uv tool install [OPTIONS] <PACKAGE>`
		- The package can be specified with version constraints or from alternative sources.
	- ## Core Components
		- ### Basic Usage
			- `uv tool install <PACKAGE>`: Installs all executables provided by the specified package.
			- Example: `uv tool install ruff`
		- ### Key Options
			- #### `--force`
				- Forces installation of the tool, even if it's already installed.
				- Useful for reinstalling or updating tools to the latest version.
			- #### `--python <PYTHON>`
				- Specifies the Python interpreter to use to build the tool environment.
				- Can be a path to a Python executable or a version identifier.
			- #### `--with <WITH>`
				- Includes additional packages as dependencies.
				- Example: `uv tool install mkdocs --with mkdocs-material`
			- #### `--editable` or `-e`
				- Installs the target package in editable mode.
				- Changes in the package's source directory are reflected without reinstallation.
	- ## Technical Details
		- ### Tool Environments
			- Tools are installed in isolated virtual environments.
			- Each tool gets its own environment to prevent dependency conflicts.
			- Executables are placed in a `bin` directory that's added to your PATH.
		- ### Version Specification
			- Package versions can be specified using standard version specifiers.
			- Example: `uv tool install 'httpie>0.1.0'`
			- Use `@latest` to explicitly request the latest version.
		- ### Package Sources
			- Tools can be installed from PyPI (default) or alternative sources:
				- Git repositories: `uv tool install git+https://github.com/example/repo`
				- Local directories: `uv tool install /path/to/package`
	- ## Example from [[aider/Installation]]
		- `uv tool install --force --python python3.12 aider-chat@latest`
			- ### What this does:
				- Installs the latest version of the `aider-chat` package (an AI pair programming tool).
				- `--force`: Reinstalls the tool even if it's already installed.
				- `--python python3.12`: Uses Python 3.12 specifically for the tool's environment.
				- `@latest`: Explicitly requests the latest version of the package.
				- This creates an isolated environment with Python 3.12 for aider, making the `aider` command available in your terminal.
	- ## Related References
		- [[uv/tool/run]] `uv tool run` (or `uvx`): For running tools without installing them.
		- [[uv/tool/list]] `uv tool list`: For listing installed tools.
		- [[uv/tool/uninstall]] `uv tool uninstall`: For removing installed tools.
