.rulesync/rules/logseq-journal-updates.md, before:

---
root: false
targets:
  - '*'
description: 'Guidelines for updating journal entries when modifying pages'
globs: ['journals/*.md']
---

# Journal Updates for Page Changes

When creating or modifying pages in the Logseq knowledge garden, always add an entry to today's journal to record the change.

## Guidelines

1. **For New Pages**:
   - Add a journal entry with a link to the new page
   - Include a brief description of what the page contains
   - Example: `- [[New/Page/Name]] created to document specific concept or tool`

2. **For Updated Pages**:
   - Add a journal entry with a link to the updated page
   - Summarize what was added or changed
   - Example: `- Updated [[Existing/Page]] with new information on X topic`

3. **Format**:
   - Use bullet points (Logseq format)
   - Include page link using double square brackets: `[[Page/Name]]`
   - Keep descriptions concise but informative

4. **Journal Location**:
   - Add to the current day's journal file in `journals/YYYY_MM_DD.md`
   - Place new entries at an appropriate position in the journal file

This rule helps maintain a chronological record of knowledge garden evolution and makes it easier to track changes over time.

Commit message:

docs: add CaffeineApp and CaffeinateCLI pages
- Create CaffeineApp page documenting the macOS GUI utility
- Create CaffeinateCLI page documenting the built-in caffeinate command
- Disambiguate between GUI app and CLI tool with cross-references
- Update journal rule with CRITICAL warnings and checklist
- Add journal entries for new pages
- Link CaffeineApp from blog post reference

.rulesync/rules/logseq-journal-updates.md, after:

---
root: false
targets:
  - '*'
description: 'Guidelines for updating journal entries when modifying pages'
globs: ['*.md']
---

# Journal Updates for Page Changes

⚠️ **CRITICAL**: When creating or modifying pages in the Logseq knowledge garden, you MUST always add an entry to today's journal to record the change.

## Guidelines

1. **For New Pages** (REQUIRED):
   - ⚠️ **MUST** add a journal entry with a link to the new page
   - Include a brief description of what the page contains
   - Example: `- [[New/Page/Name]] created to document specific concept or tool`
   - This step is mandatory - do not skip it

2. **For Updated Pages**:
   - Add a journal entry with a link to the updated page
   - Summarize what was added or changed
   - Example: `- Updated [[Existing/Page]] with new information on X topic`

3. **Format**:
   - Use bullet points (Logseq format)
   - Include page link using double square brackets: `[[Page/Name]]`
   - Keep descriptions concise but informative

4. **Journal Location**:
   - Add to the current day's journal file in `journals/YYYY_MM_DD.md`
   - Place new entries at an appropriate position in the journal file

This rule helps maintain a chronological record of knowledge garden evolution and makes it easier to track changes over time.

## Checklist for Page Creation
- [ ] Page created
- [ ] ⚠️ Journal entry added to today's date (YYYY_MM_DD.md)
- [ ] Page properly linked in journal entry with description
