.rulesync/rules/rulesync-overview.md, before:

---
root: false
targets:
  - '*'
description: 'How I use Rulesync for AI coding tool configuration management'
globs: ["**/*.md"]
---

# Rulesync Usage

I use Rulesync to manage AI coding tool configurations across projects. This keeps rules consistent and in version control.

## How I Use It

- **Configuration**: Set up `rulesync.jsonc` with project targets and features
- **Rules**: Create minimal rule files in `.rulesync/rules/` with kebab-case names and category prefixes
- **Generate**: Run `npx rulesync generate` to create tool configurations
- **Commit**: Commit both `.rulesync/` directory and generated files

## Key Principles

- Project-first configuration via `rulesync.jsonc`
- Minimal rule content (everything goes to AI context)
- Kebab-case filenames with category prefixes (`logseq-*`, `javascript-*`, etc.)
- Commit generated files (no git hooks needed)

## Commands

```bash
# Initialize
npx rulesync init

# Import from existing tools
npx rulesync import --targets claudecode --features rules,mcp,commands,subagents

# Generate using rulesync.jsonc
npx rulesync generate
```

## More Information

For detailed documentation, see `pages/My___Dev___Tool___Pref___AI___Coding___Config___Management.md`.

## Repository Access

- **Local repository**: `~/GitHub/others/forks/rulesync`
- **GitHub repository**: https://github.com/dyoshikawa/rulesync

Commit message:

docs: expand rulesync rule to cover all features
- Update description to include commands, subagents, MCP, and ignore files
- Add usage details for all rulesync features beyond just rules
- Update commands section to show comprehensive feature usage
- Reflects broader usage pattern across all available features

.rulesync/rules/rulesync-overview.md, after:

---
root: false
targets:
  - '*'
description: 'How I use Rulesync for AI coding tool configuration management'
globs: []
---

# Rulesync Usage

I use Rulesync to manage AI coding tool configurations across projects. This includes rules, commands, subagents, MCP configurations, and ignore files - keeping everything consistent and in version control.

## How I Use It

- **Configuration**: Set up `rulesync.jsonc` with project targets and features
- **Rules**: Create minimal rule files in `.rulesync/rules/` with kebab-case names and category prefixes
- **Commands**: Define reusable commands in `.rulesync/commands/`
- **Subagents**: Create specialized subagents in `.rulesync/subagents/`
- **MCP**: Configure MCP servers in `.rulesync/.mcp.json`
- **Generate**: Run `npx rulesync generate` to create tool configurations
- **Commit**: Commit both `.rulesync/` directory and generated files

## Key Principles

- Project-first configuration via `rulesync.jsonc`
- Minimal rule content (everything goes to AI context)
- Kebab-case filenames with category prefixes (`logseq-*`, `javascript-*`, etc.)
- Commit generated files (no git hooks needed)

## Commands

```bash
# Initialize
npx rulesync init

# Import from existing tools (all features)
npx rulesync import --targets claudecode --features rules,mcp,commands,subagents

# Generate using rulesync.jsonc (all features)
npx rulesync generate
```

## More Information

For detailed documentation, see `pages/My___Dev___Tool___Pref___AI___Coding___Config___Management.md`.

## Repository Access

- **Local repository**: `~/GitHub/others/forks/rulesync`
- **GitHub repository**: https://github.com/dyoshikawa/rulesync
